absorb Zubat
absorb Golbat
absorb Oddish
absorb Gloom
absorb Vileplume
absorb Exeggcute
absorb Exeggutor
absorb Exeggutor
absorb Tangela
absorb Kabuto
absorb Kabutops
absorb Crobat
absorb Bellossom
absorb Lotad
absorb Lombre
absorb Ludicolo
absorb Seedot
absorb Nuzleaf
absorb Shiftry
absorb Nincada
absorb Ninjask
absorb Shedinja
absorb Roselia
absorb Budew
absorb Roserade
absorb Tangrowth
absorb Cottonee
absorb Whimsicott
absorb Petilil
absorb Lilligant
absorb Maractus
absorb Foongus
absorb Amoonguss
absorb Frillish
absorb Jellicent
absorb Joltik
absorb Galvantula
absorb Shelmet
absorb Accelgor
absorb Goomy
absorb Sliggoo
absorb Goodra
absorb Noibat
absorb Noivern
absorb Cutiefly
absorb Ribombee
absorb Morelull
absorb Shiinotic
absorb Sandygast
absorb Palossand
absorb Dhelmise
absorb Celesteela
absorb Treecko
absorb Larvesta
absorb Volcarona
accelerock Lycanroc
accelerock Lycanroc
acid Oddish
acid Gloom
acid Vileplume
acid Tentacool
acid Tentacruel
acid Slowpoke
acid Slowbro
acid Bellossom
acid Slowking
acid Lileep
acid Cradily
acid Tympole
acid Palpitoad
acid Seismitoad
acid Shelmet
acid Accelgor
acid Skrelp
acid Dragalge
acid Nihilego
acid Poipole
acid Naganadel
acid Toxel
acid Toxtricity
acid Toxtricity
acid Shuckle
acid-armor Tentacool
acid-armor Tentacruel
acid-armor Vaporeon
acid-armor Vanillite
acid-armor Vanillish
acid-armor Vanilluxe
acid-armor Jellicent
acid-armor Cryogonal
acid-armor Shelmet
acid-armor Accelgor
acid-armor Meltan
acid-armor Melmetal
acid-armor Milcery
acid-armor Alcremie
acid-armor Shellos
acid-armor Gastrodon
acid-armor Solosis
acid-armor Duosion
acid-armor Reuniclus
acid-armor Frillish
acid-armor Jellicent
acid-armor Litwick
acid-armor Lampent
acid-armor Chandelure
acid-armor Skrelp
acid-armor Dragalge
acid-spray Stunky
acid-spray Skuntank
acid-spray Trubbish
acid-spray Garbodor
acid-spray Karrablast
acid-spray Escavalier
acid-spray Accelgor
acid-spray Sliggoo
acid-spray Goodra
acid-spray Nihilego
acid-spray Flapple
acid-spray Toxtricity
acid-spray Toxtricity
acid-spray Wooper
acid-spray Quagsire
acid-spray Qwilfish
acid-spray Remoraid
acid-spray Octillery
acid-spray Scraggy
acid-spray Scrafty
acid-spray Ferroseed
acid-spray Ferrothorn
acrobatics Emolga
acrobatics Fletchling
acrobatics Fletchinder
acrobatics Talonflame
acrobatics Inteleon
acrobatics Flapple
acrobatics Charmander
acrobatics Charmeleon
acrobatics Charizard
acrobatics Butterfree
acrobatics Zubat
acrobatics Golbat
acrobatics Farfetch'd
acrobatics Scyther
acrobatics Zapdos
acrobatics Mew
acrobatics Crobat
acrobatics Scizor
acrobatics Mantine
acrobatics Treecko
acrobatics Grovyle
acrobatics Sceptile
acrobatics Blaziken
acrobatics Ninjask
acrobatics Lunatone
acrobatics Solrock
acrobatics Vespiquen
acrobatics Drifloon
acrobatics Drifblim
acrobatics Lopunny
acrobatics Mantyke
acrobatics Uxie
acrobatics Mesprit
acrobatics Azelf
acrobatics Woobat
acrobatics Swoobat
acrobatics Archen
acrobatics Archeops
acrobatics Emolga
acrobatics Cryogonal
acrobatics Mienfoo
acrobatics Mienshao
acrobatics Hydreigon
acrobatics Larvesta
acrobatics Volcarona
acrobatics Tornadus
acrobatics Tornadus
acrobatics Fletchling
acrobatics Fletchinder
acrobatics Talonflame
acrobatics Hawlucha
acrobatics Noibat
acrobatics Noivern
acrobatics Yveltal
acrobatics Decidueye
acrobatics Litten
acrobatics Torracat
acrobatics Incineroar
acrobatics Popplio
acrobatics Brionne
acrobatics Primarina
acrobatics Grubbin
acrobatics Charjabug
acrobatics Vikavolt
acrobatics Cutiefly
acrobatics Ribombee
acrobatics Salazzle
acrobatics Tsareena
acrobatics Comfey
acrobatics Passimian
acrobatics Tapu Koko
acrobatics Lunala
acrobatics Celesteela
acrobatics Marshadow
acrobatics Naganadel
acrobatics Zeraora
acrobatics Grookey
acrobatics Thwackey
acrobatics Rillaboom
acrobatics Scorbunny
acrobatics Raboot
acrobatics Cinderace
acrobatics Inteleon
acrobatics Thievul
acrobatics Flapple
acrobatics Frosmoth
acrobatics Drakloak
acrobatics Dragapult
acrobatics Kubfu
acrobatics Urshifu
acrobatics Urshifu
acrobatics Zarude
acrobatics Regieleki
acupressure Qwilfish
acupressure Skorupi
acupressure Drapion
acupressure Maractus
acupressure Pincurchin
acupressure Tentacool
acupressure Tentacruel
acupressure Goldeen
acupressure Seaking
acupressure Shuckle
acupressure Inkay
acupressure Malamar
acupressure Bounsweet
acupressure Steenee
acupressure Tsareena
acupressure Arrokuda
acupressure Barraskewda
aerial-ace Farfetch'd
aerial-ace Heracross
aerial-ace Torchic
aerial-ace Combusken
aerial-ace Blaziken
aerial-ace Ninjask
aerial-ace Gallade
aerial-ace Rufflet
aerial-ace Braviary
aerial-ace Fletchling
aerial-ace Fletchinder
aerial-ace Talonflame
aerial-ace Honedge
aerial-ace Doublade
aerial-ace Aegislash
aerial-ace Aegislash
aerial-ace Hawlucha
aerial-ace Type: Null
aerial-ace Silvally
aerial-ace Kartana
aerial-ace Dracozolt
aerial-ace Kubfu
aerial-ace Urshifu
aerial-ace Urshifu
aerial-ace Togepi
aerial-ace Togetic
aerial-ace Wingull
aerial-ace Pelipper
aerial-ace Togekiss
aerial-ace Cramorant
aeroblast Lugia
after-you Clefairy
after-you Clefable
after-you Moltres
after-you Togepi
after-you Togetic
after-you Buneary
after-you Lopunny
after-you Togekiss
after-you Audino
after-you Petilil
after-you Lilligant
after-you Maractus
after-you Minccino
after-you Cinccino
after-you Oranguru
after-you Orbeetle
after-you Mr. Rime
after-you Indeedee
after-you Oddish
after-you Gloom
after-you Vileplume
after-you Bellossom
after-you Wooper
after-you Quagsire
after-you Lillipup
after-you Herdier
after-you Stoutland
after-you Spritzee
after-you Aromatisse
after-you Swirlix
after-you Slurpuff
after-you Comfey
after-you Hatenna
after-you Hattrem
after-you Hatterene
agility Pikachu
agility Raichu
agility Raichu
agility Sandshrew
agility Growlithe
agility Arcanine
agility Ponyta
agility Ponyta
agility Rapidash
agility Rapidash
agility Farfetch'd
agility Hitmonchan
agility Horsea
agility Seadra
agility Goldeen
agility Seaking
agility Scyther
agility Jolteon
agility Porygon
agility Aerodactyl
agility Articuno
agility Articuno
agility Zapdos
agility Zapdos
agility Moltres
agility Moltres
agility Dratini
agility Dragonair
agility Dragonite
agility Scizor
agility Sneasel
agility Mantine
agility Skarmory
agility Kingdra
agility Porygon2
agility Hitmontop
agility Wingull
agility Pelipper
agility Ninjask
agility Carvanha
agility Sharpedo
agility Metang
agility Metagross
agility Buneary
agility Lopunny
agility Mantyke
agility Weavile
agility Porygon-Z
agility Venipede
agility Whirlipede
agility Scolipede
agility Archen
agility Archeops
agility Zorua
agility Zoroark
agility Emolga
agility Joltik
agility Galvantula
agility Accelgor
agility Durant
agility Tornadus
agility Tornadus
agility Thundurus
agility Thundurus
agility Fletchling
agility Fletchinder
agility Talonflame
agility Vikavolt
agility Tapu Koko
agility Pheromosa
agility Zeraora
agility Scorbunny
agility Raboot
agility Cinderace
agility Orbeetle
agility Arrokuda
agility Barraskewda
agility Morpeko
agility Drakloak
agility Dragapult
agility Eternatus
agility Spectrier
agility Calyrex
agility Pikachu
agility Raichu
agility Raichu
agility Sandshrew
agility Sandslash
agility Sandslash
agility Vulpix
agility Vulpix
agility Ninetales
agility Ninetales
agility Zubat
agility Golbat
agility Diglett
agility Diglett
agility Dugtrio
agility Dugtrio
agility Growlithe
agility Arcanine
agility Ponyta
agility Ponyta
agility Rapidash
agility Rapidash
agility Farfetch'd
agility Krabby
agility Kingler
agility Hitmonchan
agility Horsea
agility Seadra
agility Goldeen
agility Seaking
agility Starmie
agility Scyther
agility Jolteon
agility Porygon
agility Aerodactyl
agility Articuno
agility Articuno
agility Zapdos
agility Zapdos
agility Moltres
agility Moltres
agility Dratini
agility Dragonair
agility Dragonite
agility Mewtwo
agility Mew
agility Hoothoot
agility Noctowl
agility Crobat
agility Chinchou
agility Lanturn
agility Dunsparce
agility Scizor
agility Sneasel
agility Delibird
agility Mantine
agility Skarmory
agility Kingdra
agility Porygon2
agility Hitmontop
agility Raikou
agility Entei
agility Suicune
agility Treecko
agility Grovyle
agility Sceptile
agility Torchic
agility Combusken
agility Blaziken
agility Wingull
agility Pelipper
agility Ninjask
agility Shedinja
agility Electrike
agility Manectric
agility Carvanha
agility Sharpedo
agility Swablu
agility Altaria
agility Metang
agility Metagross
agility Latias
agility Latios
agility Luxray
agility Buneary
agility Lopunny
agility Riolu
agility Lucario
agility Skorupi
agility Drapion
agility Mantyke
agility Weavile
agility Porygon-Z
agility Pidove
agility Tranquill
agility Unfezant
agility Venipede
agility Whirlipede
agility Scolipede
agility Basculin
agility Archen
agility Archeops
agility Zorua
agility Zoroark
agility Emolga
agility Escavalier
agility Joltik
agility Galvantula
agility Elgyem
agility Beheeyem
agility Accelgor
agility Mienfoo
agility Mienshao
agility Rufflet
agility Braviary
agility Durant
agility Tornadus
agility Tornadus
agility Thundurus
agility Thundurus
agility Bunnelby
agility Diggersby
agility Fletchling
agility Fletchinder
agility Talonflame
agility Helioptile
agility Heliolisk
agility Hawlucha
agility Noibat
agility Noivern
agility Vikavolt
agility Lycanroc
agility Togedemaru
agility Tapu Koko
agility Solgaleo
agility Lunala
agility Pheromosa
agility Magearna
agility Marshadow
agility Zeraora
agility Scorbunny
agility Raboot
agility Cinderace
agility Inteleon
agility Rookidee
agility Corvisquire
agility Corviknight
agility Orbeetle
agility Nickit
agility Thievul
agility Wooloo
agility Dubwool
agility Boltund
agility Cramorant
agility Arrokuda
agility Barraskewda
agility Falinks
agility Eiscue
agility Morpeko
agility Drakloak
agility Dragapult
agility Zacian
agility Zamazenta
agility Eternatus
agility Regieleki
agility Spectrier
agility Calyrex
agility Calyrex
agility Calyrex
air-cutter Zubat
air-cutter Golbat
air-cutter Farfetch'd
air-cutter Crobat
air-cutter Nuzleaf
air-cutter Shiftry
air-cutter Pidove
air-cutter Tranquill
air-cutter Unfezant
air-cutter Woobat
air-cutter Swoobat
air-cutter Sigilyph
air-cutter Tornadus
air-cutter Tornadus
air-cutter Noibat
air-cutter Noivern
air-cutter Kartana
air-cutter Naganadel
air-cutter Skarmory
air-cutter Wingull
air-cutter Pelipper
air-slash Charizard
air-slash Butterfree
air-slash Zubat
air-slash Golbat
air-slash Farfetch'd
air-slash Scyther
air-slash Moltres
air-slash Moltres
air-slash Hoothoot
air-slash Noctowl
air-slash Crobat
air-slash Xatu
air-slash Scizor
air-slash Mantine
air-slash Wingull
air-slash Pelipper
air-slash Rayquaza
air-slash Vespiquen
air-slash Mantyke
air-slash Togekiss
air-slash Pidove
air-slash Tranquill
air-slash Unfezant
air-slash Woobat
air-slash Swoobat
air-slash Sigilyph
air-slash Rufflet
air-slash Braviary
air-slash Vullaby
air-slash Mandibuzz
air-slash Tornadus
air-slash Tornadus
air-slash Noibat
air-slash Noivern
air-slash Yveltal
air-slash Type: Null
air-slash Silvally
air-slash Lunala
air-slash Naganadel
air-slash Charizard
air-slash Butterfree
air-slash Zubat
air-slash Golbat
air-slash Farfetch'd
air-slash Scyther
air-slash Articuno
air-slash Articuno
air-slash Moltres
air-slash Moltres
air-slash Dragonite
air-slash Mew
air-slash Hoothoot
air-slash Noctowl
air-slash Crobat
air-slash Natu
air-slash Xatu
air-slash Dunsparce
air-slash Scizor
air-slash Mantine
air-slash Skarmory
air-slash Suicune
air-slash Lugia
air-slash Ho-oh
air-slash Shiftry
air-slash Wingull
air-slash Pelipper
air-slash Ninjask
air-slash Vibrava
air-slash Flygon
air-slash Absol
air-slash Salamence
air-slash Latias
air-slash Latios
air-slash Rayquaza
air-slash Vespiquen
air-slash Mantyke
air-slash Togekiss
air-slash Gallade
air-slash Pidove
air-slash Tranquill
air-slash Unfezant
air-slash Woobat
air-slash Swoobat
air-slash Sigilyph
air-slash Archeops
air-slash Emolga
air-slash Bisharp
air-slash Rufflet
air-slash Braviary
air-slash Vullaby
air-slash Mandibuzz
air-slash Cobalion
air-slash Terrakion
air-slash Virizion
air-slash Tornadus
air-slash Tornadus
air-slash Keldeo
air-slash Aegislash
air-slash Aegislash
air-slash Noibat
air-slash Noivern
air-slash Yveltal
air-slash Decidueye
air-slash Vikavolt
air-slash Type: Null
air-slash Silvally
air-slash Lunala
air-slash Celesteela
air-slash Kartana
air-slash Naganadel
air-slash Inteleon
air-slash Rookidee
air-slash Corvisquire
air-slash Corviknight
air-slash Flapple
air-slash Cramorant
air-slash Frosmoth
air-slash Zacian
ally-switch Kadabra
ally-switch Alakazam
ally-switch Mr. Mime
ally-switch Latios
ally-switch Solosis
ally-switch Duosion
ally-switch Reuniclus
ally-switch Orbeetle
ally-switch Mr. Rime
ally-switch Raichu
ally-switch Clefairy
ally-switch Clefable
ally-switch Jigglypuff
ally-switch Wigglytuff
ally-switch Diglett
ally-switch Diglett
ally-switch Dugtrio
ally-switch Dugtrio
ally-switch Abra
ally-switch Kadabra
ally-switch Alakazam
ally-switch Ponyta
ally-switch Ponyta
ally-switch Rapidash
ally-switch Rapidash
ally-switch Gastly
ally-switch Haunter
ally-switch Gengar
ally-switch Krabby
ally-switch Kingler
ally-switch Marowak
ally-switch Chansey
ally-switch Starmie
ally-switch Mr. Mime
ally-switch Mr. Mime
ally-switch Jynx
ally-switch Porygon
ally-switch Articuno
ally-switch Mewtwo
ally-switch Mew
ally-switch Natu
ally-switch Xatu
ally-switch Espeon
ally-switch Porygon2
ally-switch Blissey
ally-switch Celebi
ally-switch Ralts
ally-switch Kirlia
ally-switch Gardevoir
ally-switch Shedinja
ally-switch Sableye
ally-switch Lunatone
ally-switch Solrock
ally-switch Baltoy
ally-switch Claydol
ally-switch Duskull
ally-switch Dusclops
ally-switch Metang
ally-switch Metagross
ally-switch Latias
ally-switch Latios
ally-switch Jirachi
ally-switch Drifloon
ally-switch Drifblim
ally-switch Bronzor
ally-switch Bronzong
ally-switch Mime Jr.
ally-switch Spiritomb
ally-switch Magnezone
ally-switch Togekiss
ally-switch Porygon-Z
ally-switch Gallade
ally-switch Dusknoir
ally-switch Froslass
ally-switch Rotom
ally-switch Rotom
ally-switch Rotom
ally-switch Rotom
ally-switch Rotom
ally-switch Rotom
ally-switch Uxie
ally-switch Mesprit
ally-switch Azelf
ally-switch Cresselia
ally-switch Munna
ally-switch Musharna
ally-switch Woobat
ally-switch Swoobat
ally-switch Audino
ally-switch Yamask
ally-switch Yamask
ally-switch Cofagrigus
ally-switch Archen
ally-switch Archeops
ally-switch Gothita
ally-switch Gothorita
ally-switch Gothitelle
ally-switch Solosis
ally-switch Duosion
ally-switch Reuniclus
ally-switch Vanillite
ally-switch Vanillish
ally-switch Vanilluxe
ally-switch Klang
ally-switch Klinklang
ally-switch Elgyem
ally-switch Beheeyem
ally-switch Litwick
ally-switch Lampent
ally-switch Chandelure
ally-switch Mienfoo
ally-switch Mienshao
ally-switch Golett
ally-switch Golurk
ally-switch Genesect
ally-switch Espurr
ally-switch Meowstic
ally-switch Meowstic
ally-switch Spritzee
ally-switch Aromatisse
ally-switch Inkay
ally-switch Malamar
ally-switch Helioptile
ally-switch Heliolisk
ally-switch Hawlucha
ally-switch Dedenne
ally-switch Carbink
ally-switch Phantump
ally-switch Trevenant
ally-switch Pumpkaboo
ally-switch Gourgeist
ally-switch Diancie
ally-switch Cutiefly
ally-switch Ribombee
ally-switch Comfey
ally-switch Oranguru
ally-switch Dhelmise
ally-switch Tapu Lele
ally-switch Nihilego
ally-switch Necrozma
ally-switch Naganadel
ally-switch Stakataka
ally-switch Scorbunny
ally-switch Raboot
ally-switch Cinderace
ally-switch Dottler
ally-switch Orbeetle
ally-switch Sinistea
ally-switch Polteageist
ally-switch Mr. Rime
ally-switch Runerigus
ally-switch Indeedee
ally-switch Indeedee
ally-switch Drakloak
ally-switch Dragapult
ally-switch Calyrex
ally-switch Calyrex
ally-switch Calyrex
amnesia Psyduck
amnesia Golduck
amnesia Slowpoke
amnesia Slowpoke
amnesia Slowbro
amnesia Slowbro
amnesia Snorlax
amnesia Mewtwo
amnesia Mew
amnesia Wooper
amnesia Quagsire
amnesia Slowking
amnesia Slowking
amnesia Wobbuffet
amnesia Swinub
amnesia Piloswine
amnesia Mudkip
amnesia Marshtomp
amnesia Swampert
amnesia Wailmer
amnesia Wailord
amnesia Torkoal
amnesia Barboach
amnesia Whiscash
amnesia Lileep
amnesia Cradily
amnesia Wynaut
amnesia Regice
amnesia Registeel
amnesia Munchlax
amnesia Mamoswine
amnesia Uxie
amnesia Woobat
amnesia Swoobat
amnesia Trubbish
amnesia Garbodor
amnesia Heatmor
amnesia Larvesta
amnesia Volcarona
amnesia Cramorant
amnesia Eiscue
amnesia Bulbasaur
amnesia Ivysaur
amnesia Venusaur
amnesia Sandshrew
amnesia Sandshrew
amnesia Sandslash
amnesia Sandslash
amnesia Nidoran♂
amnesia Nidorino
amnesia Nidoking
amnesia Clefairy
amnesia Clefable
amnesia Meowth
amnesia Meowth
amnesia Meowth
amnesia Persian
amnesia Persian
amnesia Psyduck
amnesia Golduck
amnesia Slowpoke
amnesia Slowpoke
amnesia Slowbro
amnesia Slowbro
amnesia Krabby
amnesia Kingler
amnesia Lickitung
amnesia Tangela
amnesia Snorlax
amnesia Mewtwo
amnesia Mew
amnesia Hoothoot
amnesia Noctowl
amnesia Chinchou
amnesia Lanturn
amnesia Cleffa
amnesia Marill
amnesia Azumarill
amnesia Wooper
amnesia Quagsire
amnesia Slowking
amnesia Slowking
amnesia Wobbuffet
amnesia Dunsparce
amnesia Swinub
amnesia Piloswine
amnesia Corsola
amnesia Corsola
amnesia Mantine
amnesia Mudkip
amnesia Marshtomp
amnesia Swampert
amnesia Ludicolo
amnesia Seedot
amnesia Nuzleaf
amnesia Shiftry
amnesia Wailmer
amnesia Wailord
amnesia Torkoal
amnesia Barboach
amnesia Whiscash
amnesia Lileep
amnesia Cradily
amnesia Wynaut
amnesia Relicanth
amnesia Regice
amnesia Registeel
amnesia Jirachi
amnesia Shellos
amnesia Gastrodon
amnesia Drifloon
amnesia Drifblim
amnesia Munchlax
amnesia Hippopotas
amnesia Hippowdon
amnesia Mantyke
amnesia Lickilicky
amnesia Tangrowth
amnesia Togekiss
amnesia Mamoswine
amnesia Uxie
amnesia Munna
amnesia Musharna
amnesia Woobat
amnesia Swoobat
amnesia Audino
amnesia Scraggy
amnesia Scrafty
amnesia Trubbish
amnesia Garbodor
amnesia Bouffalant
amnesia Heatmor
amnesia Larvesta
amnesia Volcarona
amnesia Swirlix
amnesia Slurpuff
amnesia Diancie
amnesia Popplio
amnesia Brionne
amnesia Primarina
amnesia Morelull
amnesia Shiinotic
amnesia Comfey
amnesia Sandygast
amnesia Palossand
amnesia Drampa
amnesia Guzzlord
amnesia Skwovet
amnesia Greedent
amnesia Appletun
amnesia Cramorant
amnesia Perrserker
amnesia Cursola
amnesia Runerigus
amnesia Eiscue
anchor-shot Dhelmise
ancient-power Tangela
ancient-power Omanyte
ancient-power Omastar
ancient-power Kabuto
ancient-power Kabutops
ancient-power Aerodactyl
ancient-power Articuno
ancient-power Articuno
ancient-power Zapdos
ancient-power Zapdos
ancient-power Moltres
ancient-power Moltres
ancient-power Mewtwo
ancient-power Mew
ancient-power Togepi
ancient-power Togetic
ancient-power Dunsparce
ancient-power Piloswine
ancient-power Corsola
ancient-power Corsola
ancient-power Lugia
ancient-power Ho-oh
ancient-power Celebi
ancient-power Baltoy
ancient-power Claydol
ancient-power Lileep
ancient-power Cradily
ancient-power Anorith
ancient-power Armaldo
ancient-power Relicanth
ancient-power Regirock
ancient-power Regice
ancient-power Registeel
ancient-power Kyogre
ancient-power Groudon
ancient-power Rayquaza
ancient-power Shellos
ancient-power Gastrodon
ancient-power Tangrowth
ancient-power Togekiss
ancient-power Mamoswine
ancient-power Dialga
ancient-power Palkia
ancient-power Heatran
ancient-power Giratina
ancient-power Giratina
ancient-power Tirtouga
ancient-power Carracosta
ancient-power Archen
ancient-power Archeops
ancient-power Cryogonal
ancient-power Reshiram
ancient-power Zekrom
ancient-power Kyurem
ancient-power Kyurem
ancient-power Kyurem
ancient-power Binacle
ancient-power Barbaracle
ancient-power Tyrunt
ancient-power Tyrantrum
ancient-power Amaura
ancient-power Aurorus
ancient-power Carbink
ancient-power Diancie
ancient-power Rolycoly
ancient-power Carkol
ancient-power Coalossal
ancient-power Cursola
ancient-power Dracozolt
ancient-power Arctozolt
ancient-power Dracovish
ancient-power Arctovish
ancient-power Regieleki
ancient-power Regidrago
ancient-power Charmander
ancient-power Charmeleon
ancient-power Charizard
ancient-power Diglett
ancient-power Diglett
ancient-power Dugtrio
ancient-power Dugtrio
ancient-power Krabby
ancient-power Kingler
ancient-power Exeggcute
ancient-power Exeggutor
ancient-power Exeggutor
ancient-power Cubone
ancient-power Marowak
ancient-power Marowak
ancient-power Lapras
ancient-power Wooper
ancient-power Quagsire
ancient-power Swinub
ancient-power Piloswine
ancient-power Larvitar
ancient-power Pupitar
ancient-power Tyranitar
ancient-power Mudkip
ancient-power Mawile
ancient-power Carvanha
ancient-power Sharpedo
ancient-power Torkoal
ancient-power Corphish
ancient-power Crawdaunt
ancient-power Mamoswine
ancient-power Sigilyph
ancient-power Sandygast
ancient-power Palossand
ancient-power Stonjourner
apple-acid Appletun
aqua-jet Golduck
aqua-jet Kabuto
aqua-jet Kabutops
aqua-jet Carvanha
aqua-jet Sharpedo
aqua-jet Basculin
aqua-jet Tirtouga
aqua-jet Carracosta
aqua-jet Beartic
aqua-jet Keldeo
aqua-jet Clauncher
aqua-jet Clawitzer
aqua-jet Popplio
aqua-jet Brionne
aqua-jet Primarina
aqua-jet Arrokuda
aqua-jet Barraskewda
aqua-jet Urshifu
aqua-jet Squirtle
aqua-jet Wartortle
aqua-jet Blastoise
aqua-jet Dratini
aqua-jet Marill
aqua-jet Azumarill
aqua-jet Qwilfish
aqua-jet Azurill
aqua-jet Corphish
aqua-jet Crawdaunt
aqua-jet Anorith
aqua-jet Wimpod
aqua-jet Golisopod
aqua-jet Sobble
aqua-jet Drizzile
aqua-jet Inteleon
aqua-ring Goldeen
aqua-ring Seaking
aqua-ring Vaporeon
aqua-ring Chinchou
aqua-ring Lanturn
aqua-ring Marill
aqua-ring Azumarill
aqua-ring Corsola
aqua-ring Mantine
aqua-ring Milotic
aqua-ring Kyogre
aqua-ring Mantyke
aqua-ring Palkia
aqua-ring Tympole
aqua-ring Palpitoad
aqua-ring Seismitoad
aqua-ring Wishiwashi
aqua-ring Dewpider
aqua-ring Araquanid
aqua-ring Tapu Fini
aqua-ring Squirtle
aqua-ring Wartortle
aqua-ring Blastoise
aqua-ring Tentacool
aqua-ring Tentacruel
aqua-ring Shellder
aqua-ring Cloyster
aqua-ring Wingull
aqua-ring Pelipper
aqua-ring Wailmer
aqua-ring Wailord
aqua-ring Spheal
aqua-ring Popplio
aqua-ring Brionne
aqua-ring Primarina
aqua-ring Sobble
aqua-ring Drizzile
aqua-ring Inteleon
aqua-ring Cramorant
aqua-ring Eiscue
aqua-tail Squirtle
aqua-tail Wartortle
aqua-tail Blastoise
aqua-tail Psyduck
aqua-tail Golduck
aqua-tail Gyarados
aqua-tail Dratini
aqua-tail Dragonair
aqua-tail Dragonite
aqua-tail Marill
aqua-tail Azumarill
aqua-tail Wooper
aqua-tail Quagsire
aqua-tail Qwilfish
aqua-tail Barboach
aqua-tail Whiscash
aqua-tail Milotic
aqua-tail Relicanth
aqua-tail Kyogre
aqua-tail Palkia
aqua-tail Basculin
aqua-tail Tirtouga
aqua-tail Carracosta
aqua-tail Keldeo
aqua-tail Skrelp
aqua-tail Dragalge
aqua-tail Goodra
aqua-tail Wishiwashi
aqua-tail Goldeen
aqua-tail Seaking
aqua-tail Dunsparce
aqua-tail Sandile
aqua-tail Krokorok
aqua-tail Krookodile
aqua-tail Minccino
aqua-tail Cinccino
aqua-tail Clauncher
aqua-tail Clawitzer
arm-thrust Pancham
arm-thrust Pangoro
aromatherapy Vileplume
aromatherapy Weezing
aromatherapy Roselia
aromatherapy Roserade
aromatherapy Vespiquen
aromatherapy Petilil
aromatherapy Lilligant
aromatherapy Spritzee
aromatherapy Aromatisse
aromatherapy Swirlix
aromatherapy Slurpuff
aromatherapy Xerneas
aromatherapy Cutiefly
aromatherapy Ribombee
aromatherapy Bounsweet
aromatherapy Steenee
aromatherapy Tsareena
aromatherapy Comfey
aromatherapy Tapu Lele
aromatherapy Gossifleur
aromatherapy Eldegoss
aromatherapy Sinistea
aromatherapy Polteageist
aromatherapy Hatenna
aromatherapy Hattrem
aromatherapy Hatterene
aromatherapy Milcery
aromatherapy Alcremie
aromatherapy Indeedee
aromatherapy Indeedee
aromatherapy Calyrex
aromatherapy Calyrex
aromatherapy Calyrex
aromatherapy Clefairy
aromatherapy Clefable
aromatherapy Chansey
aromatherapy Cleffa
aromatherapy Blissey
aromatherapy Cherubi
aromatherapy Cherrim
aromatherapy Happiny
aromatherapy Fomantis
aromatherapy Lurantis
aromatic-mist Weezing
aromatic-mist Vespiquen
aromatic-mist Aromatisse
aromatic-mist Bounsweet
aromatic-mist Steenee
aromatic-mist Tsareena
aromatic-mist Tapu Lele
aromatic-mist Sinistea
aromatic-mist Polteageist
aromatic-mist Milcery
aromatic-mist Alcremie
aromatic-mist Cutiefly
aromatic-mist Ribombee
aromatic-mist Hatenna
aromatic-mist Hattrem
aromatic-mist Hatterene
assist Skitty
assist Glameow
assist Purugly
assist Purrloin
assist Liepard
assist Liepard
assist Meowth
assist Meowth
assist Persian
assist Persian
assist Drowzee
assist Hypno
assist Sentret
assist Furret
assist Sneasel
assist Spinda
assist Chimchar
assist Monferno
assist Infernape
assist Weavile
assist Espurr
assist Meowstic
assurance Meowth
assurance Meowth
assurance Persian
assurance Persian
assurance Koffing
assurance Weezing
assurance Weezing
assurance Tauros
assurance Umbreon
assurance Treecko
assurance Grovyle
assurance Sceptile
assurance Weavile
assurance Purrloin
assurance Liepard
assurance Woobat
assurance Swoobat
assurance Axew
assurance Fraxure
assurance Haxorus
assurance Pawniard
assurance Bisharp
assurance Deino
assurance Zweilous
assurance Hydreigon
assurance Marshadow
assurance Nickit
assurance Thievul
assurance Impidimp
assurance Morgrem
assurance Grimmsnarl
assurance Drakloak
assurance Dragapult
assurance Zubat
assurance Golbat
assurance Diglett
assurance Diglett
assurance Dugtrio
assurance Dugtrio
assurance Meowth
assurance Meowth
assurance Meowth
assurance Persian
assurance Persian
assurance Machamp
assurance Farfetch'd
assurance Koffing
assurance Weezing
assurance Weezing
assurance Kangaskhan
assurance Scyther
assurance Tauros
assurance Aerodactyl
assurance Zapdos
assurance Moltres
assurance Mew
assurance Crobat
assurance Umbreon
assurance Qwilfish
assurance Scizor
assurance Heracross
assurance Remoraid
assurance Octillery
assurance Delibird
assurance Mantine
assurance Skarmory
assurance Larvitar
assurance Pupitar
assurance Tyranitar
assurance Treecko
assurance Grovyle
assurance Sceptile
assurance Torchic
assurance Combusken
assurance Blaziken
assurance Zigzagoon
assurance Linoone
assurance Nuzleaf
assurance Shiftry
assurance Mawile
assurance Carvanha
assurance Sharpedo
assurance Absol
assurance Vespiquen
assurance Buneary
assurance Lopunny
assurance Stunky
assurance Skuntank
assurance Skorupi
assurance Drapion
assurance Croagunk
assurance Toxicroak
assurance Weavile
assurance Azelf
assurance Purrloin
assurance Liepard
assurance Woobat
assurance Swoobat
assurance Scolipede
assurance Basculin
assurance Sandile
assurance Krokorok
assurance Krookodile
assurance Maractus
assurance Scraggy
assurance Scrafty
assurance Archen
assurance Archeops
assurance Zorua
assurance Zoroark
assurance Ferroseed
assurance Ferrothorn
assurance Klink
assurance Klang
assurance Klinklang
assurance Axew
assurance Fraxure
assurance Haxorus
assurance Cubchoo
assurance Beartic
assurance Mienshao
assurance Pawniard
assurance Bisharp
assurance Bouffalant
assurance Rufflet
assurance Braviary
assurance Vullaby
assurance Mandibuzz
assurance Deino
assurance Zweilous
assurance Hydreigon
assurance Tornadus
assurance Tornadus
assurance Thundurus
assurance Thundurus
assurance Genesect
assurance Binacle
assurance Barbaracle
assurance Tyrunt
assurance Tyrantrum
assurance Hawlucha
assurance Goodra
assurance Incineroar
assurance Lycanroc
assurance Passimian
assurance Wimpod
assurance Golisopod
assurance Togedemaru
assurance Dhelmise
assurance Tapu Koko
assurance Pheromosa
assurance Marshadow
assurance Naganadel
assurance Zeraora
assurance Grookey
assurance Thwackey
assurance Rillaboom
assurance Scorbunny
assurance Raboot
assurance Cinderace
assurance Skwovet
assurance Greedent
assurance Rookidee
assurance Corvisquire
assurance Corviknight
assurance Nickit
assurance Thievul
assurance Chewtle
assurance Drednaw
assurance Cramorant
assurance Arrokuda
assurance Barraskewda
assurance Impidimp
assurance Morgrem
assurance Grimmsnarl
assurance Obstagoon
assurance Perrserker
assurance Sirfetch'd
assurance Falinks
assurance Pincurchin
assurance Stonjourner
assurance Morpeko
assurance Drakloak
assurance Dragapult
assurance Zacian
assurance Eternatus
assurance Urshifu
assurance Zarude
assurance Regieleki
assurance Glastrier
assurance Spectrier
assurance Calyrex
assurance Calyrex
astonish Zubat
astonish Golbat
astonish Diglett
astonish Diglett
astonish Dugtrio
astonish Dugtrio
astonish Crobat
astonish Corsola
astonish Lotad
astonish Lombre
astonish Ludicolo
astonish Seedot
astonish Nuzleaf
astonish Shiftry
astonish Whismur
astonish Loudred
astonish Exploud
astonish Sableye
astonish Mawile
astonish Wailmer
astonish Wailord
astonish Trapinch
astonish Vibrava
astonish Flygon
astonish Lileep
astonish Cradily
astonish Duskull
astonish Dusclops
astonish Snorunt
astonish Glalie
astonish Drifloon
astonish Drifblim
astonish Croagunk
astonish Toxicroak
astonish Dusknoir
astonish Froslass
astonish Rotom
astonish Rotom
astonish Rotom
astonish Rotom
astonish Rotom
astonish Rotom
astonish Yamask
astonish Yamask
astonish Cofagrigus
astonish Vanillite
astonish Vanillish
astonish Vanilluxe
astonish Foongus
astonish Amoonguss
astonish Litwick
astonish Lampent
astonish Chandelure
astonish Golett
astonish Golurk
astonish Tornadus
astonish Tornadus
astonish Thundurus
astonish Thundurus
astonish Klefki
astonish Phantump
astonish Trevenant
astonish Pumpkaboo
astonish Gourgeist
astonish Rowlet
astonish Dartrix
astonish Decidueye
astonish Morelull
astonish Shiinotic
astonish Sandygast
astonish Palossand
astonish Mimikyu
astonish Dhelmise
astonish Tapu Lele
astonish Blacephalon
astonish Applin
astonish Flapple
astonish Appletun
astonish Sinistea
astonish Polteageist
astonish Cursola
astonish Runerigus
astonish Dreepy
astonish Drakloak
astonish Dragapult
astonish Gastly
astonish Haunter
astonish Gengar
astonish Dunsparce
astonish Qwilfish
astonish Swablu
astonish Stunky
astonish Skuntank
astonish Solosis
astonish Duosion
astonish Reuniclus
astonish Emolga
astonish Elgyem
astonish Beheeyem
astonish Stunfisk
astonish Stunfisk
astonish Deino
astonish Zweilous
astonish Hydreigon
astral-barrage Calyrex
attack-order Vespiquen
attract Milotic
attract Woobat
attract Swoobat
attract Vullaby
attract Mandibuzz
attract Spritzee
attract Aromatisse
attract Milcery
attract Alcremie
attract Frosmoth
attract Bulbasaur
attract Ivysaur
attract Venusaur
attract Charmander
attract Charmeleon
attract Charizard
attract Squirtle
attract Wartortle
attract Blastoise
attract Butterfree
attract Pikachu
attract Raichu
attract Raichu
attract Sandshrew
attract Sandshrew
attract Sandslash
attract Sandslash
attract Nidoran♀
attract Nidorina
attract Nidoqueen
attract Nidoran♂
attract Nidorino
attract Nidoking
attract Clefairy
attract Clefable
attract Vulpix
attract Vulpix
attract Ninetales
attract Ninetales
attract Jigglypuff
attract Wigglytuff
attract Zubat
attract Golbat
attract Oddish
attract Gloom
attract Vileplume
attract Diglett
attract Diglett
attract Dugtrio
attract Dugtrio
attract Meowth
attract Meowth
attract Meowth
attract Persian
attract Persian
attract Psyduck
attract Golduck
attract Growlithe
attract Arcanine
attract Poliwag
attract Poliwhirl
attract Poliwrath
attract Abra
attract Kadabra
attract Alakazam
attract Machop
attract Machoke
attract Machamp
attract Tentacool
attract Tentacruel
attract Ponyta
attract Ponyta
attract Rapidash
attract Rapidash
attract Slowpoke
attract Slowpoke
attract Slowbro
attract Slowbro
attract Farfetch'd
attract Farfetch'd
attract Shellder
attract Cloyster
attract Gastly
attract Haunter
attract Gengar
attract Onix
attract Krabby
attract Kingler
attract Exeggcute
attract Exeggutor
attract Exeggutor
attract Cubone
attract Marowak
attract Marowak
attract Hitmonlee
attract Hitmonchan
attract Lickitung
attract Koffing
attract Weezing
attract Weezing
attract Rhyhorn
attract Rhydon
attract Chansey
attract Tangela
attract Kangaskhan
attract Horsea
attract Seadra
attract Goldeen
attract Seaking
attract Mr. Mime
attract Mr. Mime
attract Scyther
attract Jynx
attract Electabuzz
attract Magmar
attract Pinsir
attract Tauros
attract Gyarados
attract Lapras
attract Eevee
attract Vaporeon
attract Jolteon
attract Flareon
attract Omanyte
attract Omastar
attract Kabuto
attract Kabutops
attract Aerodactyl
attract Snorlax
attract Dratini
attract Dragonair
attract Dragonite
attract Mew
attract Hoothoot
attract Noctowl
attract Crobat
attract Chinchou
attract Lanturn
attract Pichu
attract Cleffa
attract Igglybuff
attract Togepi
attract Togetic
attract Natu
attract Xatu
attract Bellossom
attract Marill
attract Azumarill
attract Sudowoodo
attract Politoed
attract Wooper
attract Quagsire
attract Espeon
attract Umbreon
attract Slowking
attract Slowking
attract Dunsparce
attract Steelix
attract Qwilfish
attract Scizor
attract Shuckle
attract Heracross
attract Sneasel
attract Swinub
attract Piloswine
attract Corsola
attract Corsola
attract Remoraid
attract Octillery
attract Delibird
attract Mantine
attract Skarmory
attract Kingdra
attract Tyrogue
attract Hitmontop
attract Smoochum
attract Elekid
attract Magby
attract Miltank
attract Blissey
attract Larvitar
attract Pupitar
attract Tyranitar
attract Treecko
attract Grovyle
attract Sceptile
attract Torchic
attract Combusken
attract Blaziken
attract Mudkip
attract Marshtomp
attract Swampert
attract Zigzagoon
attract Zigzagoon
attract Linoone
attract Linoone
attract Lotad
attract Lombre
attract Ludicolo
attract Seedot
attract Nuzleaf
attract Shiftry
attract Wingull
attract Pelipper
attract Ralts
attract Kirlia
attract Gardevoir
attract Whismur
attract Loudred
attract Exploud
attract Azurill
attract Sableye
attract Mawile
attract Aron
attract Lairon
attract Aggron
attract Electrike
attract Manectric
attract Roselia
attract Carvanha
attract Sharpedo
attract Wailmer
attract Wailord
attract Torkoal
attract Trapinch
attract Vibrava
attract Flygon
attract Swablu
attract Altaria
attract Barboach
attract Whiscash
attract Corphish
attract Crawdaunt
attract Lileep
attract Cradily
attract Anorith
attract Armaldo
attract Feebas
attract Milotic
attract Duskull
attract Dusclops
attract Absol
attract Snorunt
attract Glalie
attract Spheal
attract Sealeo
attract Walrein
attract Relicanth
attract Bagon
attract Shelgon
attract Salamence
attract Latias
attract Latios
attract Shinx
attract Luxio
attract Luxray
attract Budew
attract Roserade
attract Vespiquen
attract Cherubi
attract Cherrim
attract Shellos
attract Gastrodon
attract Drifloon
attract Drifblim
attract Buneary
attract Lopunny
attract Stunky
attract Skuntank
attract Bonsly
attract Mime Jr.
attract Happiny
attract Spiritomb
attract Gible
attract Gabite
attract Garchomp
attract Munchlax
attract Riolu
attract Lucario
attract Hippopotas
attract Hippowdon
attract Skorupi
attract Drapion
attract Croagunk
attract Toxicroak
attract Mantyke
attract Snover
attract Abomasnow
attract Weavile
attract Lickilicky
attract Rhyperior
attract Tangrowth
attract Electivire
attract Magmortar
attract Togekiss
attract Leafeon
attract Glaceon
attract Mamoswine
attract Gallade
attract Dusknoir
attract Froslass
attract Heatran
attract Cresselia
attract Lillipup
attract Herdier
attract Stoutland
attract Purrloin
attract Liepard
attract Munna
attract Musharna
attract Pidove
attract Tranquill
attract Unfezant
attract Roggenrola
attract Boldore
attract Gigalith
attract Woobat
attract Swoobat
attract Drilbur
attract Excadrill
attract Audino
attract Timburr
attract Gurdurr
attract Conkeldurr
attract Tympole
attract Palpitoad
attract Seismitoad
attract Throh
attract Sawk
attract Venipede
attract Whirlipede
attract Scolipede
attract Cottonee
attract Whimsicott
attract Petilil
attract Lilligant
attract Basculin
attract Sandile
attract Krokorok
attract Krookodile
attract Darumaka
attract Darumaka
attract Darmanitan
attract Darmanitan
attract Maractus
attract Dwebble
attract Crustle
attract Scraggy
attract Scrafty
attract Sigilyph
attract Yamask
attract Yamask
attract Cofagrigus
attract Tirtouga
attract Carracosta
attract Archen
attract Archeops
attract Trubbish
attract Garbodor
attract Zorua
attract Zoroark
attract Minccino
attract Cinccino
attract Gothita
attract Gothorita
attract Gothitelle
attract Solosis
attract Duosion
attract Reuniclus
attract Vanillite
attract Vanillish
attract Vanilluxe
attract Emolga
attract Karrablast
attract Escavalier
attract Foongus
attract Amoonguss
attract Frillish
attract Jellicent
attract Joltik
attract Galvantula
attract Ferroseed
attract Ferrothorn
attract Elgyem
attract Beheeyem
attract Litwick
attract Lampent
attract Chandelure
attract Axew
attract Fraxure
attract Haxorus
attract Cubchoo
attract Beartic
attract Shelmet
attract Accelgor
attract Stunfisk
attract Stunfisk
attract Mienfoo
attract Mienshao
attract Druddigon
attract Pawniard
attract Bisharp
attract Bouffalant
attract Rufflet
attract Braviary
attract Vullaby
attract Mandibuzz
attract Heatmor
attract Durant
attract Deino
attract Zweilous
attract Hydreigon
attract Larvesta
attract Volcarona
attract Tornadus
attract Tornadus
attract Thundurus
attract Thundurus
attract Landorus
attract Landorus
attract Bunnelby
attract Diggersby
attract Fletchling
attract Fletchinder
attract Talonflame
attract Pancham
attract Pangoro
attract Espurr
attract Meowstic
attract Meowstic
attract Honedge
attract Doublade
attract Aegislash
attract Aegislash
attract Spritzee
attract Aromatisse
attract Swirlix
attract Slurpuff
attract Inkay
attract Malamar
attract Binacle
attract Barbaracle
attract Skrelp
attract Dragalge
attract Clauncher
attract Clawitzer
attract Helioptile
attract Heliolisk
attract Tyrunt
attract Tyrantrum
attract Amaura
attract Aurorus
attract Sylveon
attract Hawlucha
attract Dedenne
attract Goomy
attract Sliggoo
attract Goodra
attract Klefki
attract Phantump
attract Trevenant
attract Pumpkaboo
attract Gourgeist
attract Bergmite
attract Avalugg
attract Noibat
attract Noivern
attract Rowlet
attract Dartrix
attract Decidueye
attract Litten
attract Torracat
attract Incineroar
attract Popplio
attract Brionne
attract Primarina
attract Grubbin
attract Charjabug
attract Vikavolt
attract Cutiefly
attract Ribombee
attract Rockruff
attract Lycanroc
attract Lycanroc
attract Lycanroc
attract Wishiwashi
attract Mareanie
attract Toxapex
attract Mudbray
attract Mudsdale
attract Dewpider
attract Araquanid
attract Fomantis
attract Lurantis
attract Morelull
attract Shiinotic
attract Salandit
attract Salazzle
attract Stufful
attract Bewear
attract Bounsweet
attract Steenee
attract Tsareena
attract Comfey
attract Oranguru
attract Passimian
attract Wimpod
attract Golisopod
attract Sandygast
attract Palossand
attract Pyukumuku
attract Turtonator
attract Togedemaru
attract Mimikyu
attract Drampa
attract Jangmo-o
attract Hakamo-o
attract Kommo-o
attract Grookey
attract Thwackey
attract Rillaboom
attract Scorbunny
attract Raboot
attract Cinderace
attract Sobble
attract Drizzile
attract Inteleon
attract Skwovet
attract Greedent
attract Rookidee
attract Corvisquire
attract Corviknight
attract Dottler
attract Orbeetle
attract Nickit
attract Thievul
attract Gossifleur
attract Eldegoss
attract Wooloo
attract Dubwool
attract Chewtle
attract Drednaw
attract Yamper
attract Boltund
attract Rolycoly
attract Carkol
attract Coalossal
attract Applin
attract Flapple
attract Appletun
attract Silicobra
attract Sandaconda
attract Cramorant
attract Arrokuda
attract Barraskewda
attract Toxel
attract Toxtricity
attract Toxtricity
attract Sizzlipede
attract Centiskorch
attract Clobbopus
attract Grapploct
attract Hatenna
attract Hattrem
attract Hatterene
attract Impidimp
attract Morgrem
attract Grimmsnarl
attract Obstagoon
attract Perrserker
attract Cursola
attract Sirfetch'd
attract Mr. Rime
attract Runerigus
attract Milcery
attract Alcremie
attract Pincurchin
attract Snom
attract Frosmoth
attract Stonjourner
attract Eiscue
attract Indeedee
attract Indeedee
attract Morpeko
attract Cufant
attract Copperajah
attract Duraludon
attract Dreepy
attract Drakloak
attract Dragapult
attract Kubfu
attract Urshifu
attract Urshifu
aura-sphere Mewtwo
aura-sphere Mew
aura-sphere Lucario
aura-sphere Togekiss
aura-sphere Dialga
aura-sphere Palkia
aura-sphere Giratina
aura-sphere Giratina
aura-sphere Mienfoo
aura-sphere Mienshao
aura-sphere Clauncher
aura-sphere Clawitzer
aura-sphere Magearna
aura-sphere Squirtle
aura-sphere Wartortle
aura-sphere Blastoise
aura-sphere Hitmonlee
aura-sphere Hitmonchan
aura-sphere Mewtwo
aura-sphere Mew
aura-sphere Raikou
aura-sphere Celebi
aura-sphere Blaziken
aura-sphere Latias
aura-sphere Latios
aura-sphere Jirachi
aura-sphere Lopunny
aura-sphere Lucario
aura-sphere Togekiss
aura-sphere Gallade
aura-sphere Dialga
aura-sphere Palkia
aura-sphere Giratina
aura-sphere Giratina
aura-sphere Mienfoo
aura-sphere Mienshao
aura-sphere Keldeo
aura-sphere Clauncher
aura-sphere Clawitzer
aura-sphere Kommo-o
aura-sphere Magearna
aura-sphere Marshadow
aura-sphere Zeraora
aura-sphere Urshifu
aura-sphere Urshifu
aura-wheel Morpeko
aurora-beam Vulpix
aurora-beam Ninetales
aurora-beam Shellder
aurora-beam Cloyster
aurora-beam Vaporeon
aurora-beam Remoraid
aurora-beam Octillery
aurora-beam Spheal
aurora-beam Sealeo
aurora-beam Walrein
aurora-beam Cresselia
aurora-beam Cryogonal
aurora-beam Amaura
aurora-beam Aurorus
aurora-beam Xerneas
aurora-beam Magearna
aurora-beam Frosmoth
aurora-beam Tentacool
aurora-beam Tentacruel
aurora-beam Horsea
aurora-beam Seadra
aurora-beam Omanyte
aurora-beam Kabuto
aurora-beam Delibird
aurora-beam Kingdra
aurora-veil Vulpix
aurora-veil Ninetales
aurora-veil Abomasnow
aurora-veil Froslass
aurora-veil Frosmoth
aurora-veil Eiscue
aurora-veil Arctovish
aurora-veil Delibird
aurora-veil Vanillite
aurora-veil Vanillish
aurora-veil Vanilluxe
aurora-veil Amaura
aurora-veil Bergmite
aurora-veil Avalugg
autotomize Steelix
autotomize Skarmory
autotomize Aron
autotomize Lairon
autotomize Aggron
autotomize Klink
autotomize Klang
autotomize Klinklang
autotomize Honedge
autotomize Doublade
autotomize Aegislash
autotomize Aegislash
autotomize Hakamo-o
autotomize Kommo-o
autotomize Celesteela
autotomize Necrozma
autotomize Stakataka
autotomize Roggenrola
autotomize Boldore
autotomize Gigalith
autotomize Trubbish
autotomize Garbodor
autotomize Vanillite
autotomize Vanillish
autotomize Vanilluxe
avalanche Darumaka
avalanche Darmanitan
avalanche Vanillite
avalanche Vanillish
avalanche Vanilluxe
avalanche Bergmite
avalanche Avalugg
avalanche Arctozolt
avalanche Glastrier
avalanche Calyrex
avalanche Blastoise
avalanche Sandshrew
avalanche Sandslash
avalanche Nidoqueen
avalanche Nidoking
avalanche Ninetales
avalanche Slowbro
avalanche Slowbro
avalanche Shellder
avalanche Cloyster
avalanche Rhydon
avalanche Kangaskhan
avalanche Starmie
avalanche Mr. Mime
avalanche Jynx
avalanche Gyarados
avalanche Lapras
avalanche Articuno
avalanche Mewtwo
avalanche Mew
avalanche Slowking
avalanche Slowking
avalanche Sneasel
avalanche Swinub
avalanche Piloswine
avalanche Delibird
avalanche Smoochum
avalanche Blissey
avalanche Suicune
avalanche Tyranitar
avalanche Lugia
avalanche Mudkip
avalanche Marshtomp
avalanche Swampert
avalanche Exploud
avalanche Aggron
avalanche Sharpedo
avalanche Wailmer
avalanche Wailord
avalanche Crawdaunt
avalanche Milotic
avalanche Snorunt
avalanche Glalie
avalanche Walrein
avalanche Regice
avalanche Kyogre
avalanche Rayquaza
avalanche Snover
avalanche Abomasnow
avalanche Weavile
avalanche Rhyperior
avalanche Glaceon
avalanche Mamoswine
avalanche Froslass
avalanche Palkia
avalanche Regigigas
avalanche Darumaka
avalanche Darmanitan
avalanche Vanillite
avalanche Vanillish
avalanche Vanilluxe
avalanche Cubchoo
avalanche Beartic
avalanche Cryogonal
avalanche Amaura
avalanche Aurorus
avalanche Bergmite
avalanche Avalugg
avalanche Mr. Rime
avalanche Frosmoth
avalanche Eiscue
avalanche Arctozolt
avalanche Arctovish
avalanche Glastrier
avalanche Calyrex
baby-doll-eyes Eevee
baby-doll-eyes Vaporeon
baby-doll-eyes Jolteon
baby-doll-eyes Flareon
baby-doll-eyes Espeon
baby-doll-eyes Umbreon
baby-doll-eyes Zigzagoon
baby-doll-eyes Zigzagoon
baby-doll-eyes Linoone
baby-doll-eyes Linoone
baby-doll-eyes Buneary
baby-doll-eyes Lopunny
baby-doll-eyes Leafeon
baby-doll-eyes Glaceon
baby-doll-eyes Lillipup
baby-doll-eyes Herdier
baby-doll-eyes Stoutland
baby-doll-eyes Audino
baby-doll-eyes Minccino
baby-doll-eyes Cinccino
baby-doll-eyes Sylveon
baby-doll-eyes Popplio
baby-doll-eyes Brionne
baby-doll-eyes Primarina
baby-doll-eyes Stufful
baby-doll-eyes Bewear
baby-doll-eyes Mimikyu
baby-doll-eyes Obstagoon
baby-doll-eyes Vulpix
baby-doll-eyes Vulpix
baby-doll-eyes Ninetales
baby-doll-eyes Ninetales
baby-doll-eyes Shinx
baby-doll-eyes Luxio
baby-doll-eyes Luxray
baby-doll-eyes Milcery
baby-doll-eyes Alcremie
baddy-bad Eevee
baneful-bunker Toxapex
barb-barrage Qwilfish
barb-barrage Overqwil
barrage Exeggcute
barrage Exeggutor
barrage Exeggutor
barrier Tentacool
barrier Tentacruel
barrier Mr. Mime
barrier Mewtwo
barrier Mew
barrier Mime Jr.
barrier Magnezone
barrier Glaceon
barrier Abra
barrier Kadabra
barrier Alakazam
barrier Shellder
barrier Cloyster
barrier Drowzee
barrier Hypno
barrier Electabuzz
barrier Magmar
barrier Corsola
barrier Elekid
barrier Magby
barrier Mudkip
barrier Marshtomp
barrier Swampert
barrier Lileep
barrier Cradily
barrier Clamperl
barrier Huntail
barrier Gorebyss
barrier Electivire
barrier Magmortar
barrier Munna
barrier Musharna
barrier Elgyem
barrier Beheeyem
barrier Espurr
barrier Meowstic
barrier Amaura
barrier Aurorus
barrier Bergmite
barrier Avalugg
barrier Staryu
barrier Starmie
baton-pass Mr. Mime
baton-pass Mr. Mime
baton-pass Eevee
baton-pass Vaporeon
baton-pass Jolteon
baton-pass Flareon
baton-pass Mew
baton-pass Togepi
baton-pass Togetic
baton-pass Espeon
baton-pass Umbreon
baton-pass Celebi
baton-pass Ninjask
baton-pass Mawile
baton-pass Drifloon
baton-pass Drifblim
baton-pass Buneary
baton-pass Lopunny
baton-pass Mime Jr.
baton-pass Togekiss
baton-pass Leafeon
baton-pass Glaceon
baton-pass Scolipede
baton-pass Sylveon
baton-pass Pyukumuku
baton-pass Mr. Rime
baton-pass Indeedee
baton-pass Butterfree
baton-pass Clefairy
baton-pass Clefable
baton-pass Jigglypuff
baton-pass Wigglytuff
baton-pass Rapidash
baton-pass Rapidash
baton-pass Farfetch'd
baton-pass Mr. Mime
baton-pass Mr. Mime
baton-pass Scyther
baton-pass Eevee
baton-pass Vaporeon
baton-pass Jolteon
baton-pass Flareon
baton-pass Zapdos
baton-pass Mew
baton-pass Togepi
baton-pass Togetic
baton-pass Natu
baton-pass Xatu
baton-pass Bellossom
baton-pass Espeon
baton-pass Umbreon
baton-pass Dunsparce
baton-pass Scizor
baton-pass Delibird
baton-pass Celebi
baton-pass Torchic
baton-pass Combusken
baton-pass Blaziken
baton-pass Ninjask
baton-pass Mawile
baton-pass Lunatone
baton-pass Solrock
baton-pass Absol
baton-pass Latias
baton-pass Latios
baton-pass Jirachi
baton-pass Drifloon
baton-pass Drifblim
baton-pass Buneary
baton-pass Lopunny
baton-pass Mime Jr.
baton-pass Croagunk
baton-pass Toxicroak
baton-pass Togekiss
baton-pass Leafeon
baton-pass Glaceon
baton-pass Uxie
baton-pass Mesprit
baton-pass Azelf
baton-pass Victini
baton-pass Purrloin
baton-pass Liepard
baton-pass Woobat
baton-pass Swoobat
baton-pass Scolipede
baton-pass Emolga
baton-pass Shelmet
baton-pass Accelgor
baton-pass Mienfoo
baton-pass Mienshao
baton-pass Durant
baton-pass Inkay
baton-pass Malamar
baton-pass Sylveon
baton-pass Hawlucha
baton-pass Diancie
baton-pass Rowlet
baton-pass Dartrix
baton-pass Decidueye
baton-pass Cutiefly
baton-pass Ribombee
baton-pass Pyukumuku
baton-pass Magearna
baton-pass Scorbunny
baton-pass Raboot
baton-pass Cinderace
baton-pass Sobble
baton-pass Drizzile
baton-pass Inteleon
baton-pass Orbeetle
baton-pass Nickit
baton-pass Thievul
baton-pass Dubwool
baton-pass Sinistea
baton-pass Polteageist
baton-pass Hatenna
baton-pass Hattrem
baton-pass Hatterene
baton-pass Perrserker
baton-pass Mr. Rime
baton-pass Indeedee
baton-pass Dreepy
baton-pass Drakloak
baton-pass Dragapult
baton-pass Calyrex
baton-pass Calyrex
baton-pass Calyrex
beak-blast Toucannon
beat-up Sneasel
beat-up Weavile
beat-up Scraggy
beat-up Scrafty
beat-up Durant
beat-up Wishiwashi
beat-up Passimian
beat-up Nickit
beat-up Thievul
beat-up Charmander
beat-up Charmeleon
beat-up Charizard
beat-up Nidoran♀
beat-up Nidorina
beat-up Nidoqueen
beat-up Nidoran♂
beat-up Nidorino
beat-up Nidoking
beat-up Diglett
beat-up Diglett
beat-up Dugtrio
beat-up Dugtrio
beat-up Persian
beat-up Kangaskhan
beat-up Mew
beat-up Sneasel
beat-up Seedot
beat-up Nuzleaf
beat-up Shiftry
beat-up Vespiquen
beat-up Weavile
beat-up Cottonee
beat-up Whimsicott
beat-up Sandile
beat-up Krokorok
beat-up Krookodile
beat-up Scraggy
beat-up Scrafty
beat-up Vanilluxe
beat-up Pawniard
beat-up Bisharp
beat-up Durant
beat-up Zweilous
beat-up Hydreigon
beat-up Pangoro
beat-up Binacle
beat-up Barbaracle
beat-up Wishiwashi
beat-up Salandit
beat-up Salazzle
beat-up Passimian
beat-up Mimikyu
beat-up Nickit
beat-up Thievul
beat-up Falinks
beat-up Drakloak
beat-up Dragapult
beat-up Urshifu
belch Koffing
belch Weezing
belch Weezing
belch Snorlax
belch Whiscash
belch Stunky
belch Skuntank
belch Croagunk
belch Toxicroak
belch Trubbish
belch Garbodor
belch Guzzlord
belch Skwovet
belch Greedent
belch Cramorant
belch Toxel
belch Toxtricity
belch Toxtricity
belch Slowpoke
belch Slowpoke
belch Slowbro
belch Slowbro
belch Lickitung
belch Slowking
belch Magby
belch Miltank
belch Munchlax
belch Lickilicky
belch Bouffalant
belch Heatmor
belch Deino
belch Zweilous
belch Hydreigon
belch Salandit
belch Salazzle
belch Silicobra
belch Sandaconda
belch Cufant
belch Copperajah
belly-drum Poliwag
belly-drum Poliwhirl
belly-drum Poliwrath
belly-drum Lickitung
belly-drum Snorlax
belly-drum Politoed
belly-drum Zigzagoon
belly-drum Linoone
belly-drum Munchlax
belly-drum Lickilicky
belly-drum Darumaka
belly-drum Darumaka
belly-drum Darmanitan
belly-drum Darmanitan
belly-drum Kommo-o
belly-drum Charmander
belly-drum Charmeleon
belly-drum Charizard
belly-drum Slowpoke
belly-drum Slowpoke
belly-drum Slowbro
belly-drum Slowbro
belly-drum Cubone
belly-drum Marowak
belly-drum Marowak
belly-drum Marill
belly-drum Azumarill
belly-drum Slowking
belly-drum Azurill
belly-drum Spheal
belly-drum Skwovet
belly-drum Greedent
belly-drum Eiscue
bestow Clefairy
bestow Exeggcute
bestow Chansey
bestow Togepi
bestow Togetic
bestow Blissey
bestow Zigzagoon
bestow Linoone
bestow Plusle
bestow Tropius
bestow Passimian
bestow Pikachu
bestow Raichu
bestow Raichu
bestow Pichu
bestow Delibird
bestow Pachirisu
bestow Pidove
bestow Tranquill
bestow Unfezant
bestow Audino
bestow Froakie
bestow Frogadier
bestow Greninja
bestow Phantump
bestow Trevenant
bestow Pumpkaboo
bestow Gourgeist
bestow Cutiefly
bestow Ribombee
bestow Pyukumuku
bide Sandshrew
bide Pineco
bide Forretress
bide Shuckle
bide Miltank
bide Mudkip
bide Marshtomp
bide Swampert
bide Seedot
bide Nincada
bide Meditite
bide Medicham
bide Trapinch
bide Vibrava
bide Flygon
bide Piplup
bide Prinplup
bide Kricketot
bide Kricketune
bide Pachirisu
bide Patrat
bide Watchog
bide Timburr
bide Gurdurr
bide Gurdurr
bide Conkeldurr
bide Conkeldurr
bide Throh
bide Sawk
bide Tirtouga
bide Carracosta
bide Foongus
bide Amoonguss
bide Amoonguss
bide Cubchoo
bide Beartic
bide Beartic
bide Shelmet
bide Stunfisk
bide Tyrunt
bide Tyrantrum
bide Goomy
bide Sliggoo
bide Goodra
bide Yungoos
bide Gumshoos
bide Mudbray
bide Mudsdale
bide Stufful
bide Bewear
bide Pyukumuku
bide Jangmo-o
bide Hakamo-o
bide Hakamo-o
bide Kommo-o
bide Kommo-o
bide Stakataka
bide Pikachu
bide Raichu
bide Raichu
bide Krabby
bide Kingler
bide Omanyte
bide Omastar
bide Ledyba
bide Ledian
bide Pichu
bide Sunkern
bide Sunflora
bide Dunsparce
bide Heracross
bide Corsola
bide Snorunt
bide Glalie
bide Piplup
bide Prinplup
bide Empoleon
bide Froslass
bide Petilil
bide Lilligant
bide Tirtouga
bide Carracosta
bide Bulbasaur
bide Ivysaur
bide Venusaur
bide Charmander
bide Charmeleon
bide Charizard
bide Squirtle
bide Wartortle
bide Blastoise
bide Butterfree
bide Beedrill
bide Pidgey
bide Pidgeotto
bide Pidgeot
bide Rattata
bide Raticate
bide Spearow
bide Fearow
bide Ekans
bide Arbok
bide Sandshrew
bide Sandslash
bide Nidoran♀
bide Nidorina
bide Nidoqueen
bide Nidoran♂
bide Nidorino
bide Nidoking
bide Clefairy
bide Clefable
bide Vulpix
bide Ninetales
bide Jigglypuff
bide Wigglytuff
bide Zubat
bide Golbat
bide Oddish
bide Gloom
bide Vileplume
bide Paras
bide Parasect
bide Venonat
bide Venomoth
bide Diglett
bide Dugtrio
bide Meowth
bide Persian
bide Psyduck
bide Golduck
bide Mankey
bide Primeape
bide Growlithe
bide Arcanine
bide Poliwag
bide Poliwhirl
bide Poliwrath
bide Abra
bide Kadabra
bide Alakazam
bide Machop
bide Machoke
bide Machamp
bide Bellsprout
bide Weepinbell
bide Victreebel
bide Tentacool
bide Tentacruel
bide Geodude
bide Graveler
bide Golem
bide Ponyta
bide Rapidash
bide Slowpoke
bide Slowbro
bide Magnemite
bide Magneton
bide Farfetch'd
bide Doduo
bide Dodrio
bide Seel
bide Dewgong
bide Grimer
bide Muk
bide Shellder
bide Cloyster
bide Gastly
bide Haunter
bide Gengar
bide Onix
bide Drowzee
bide Hypno
bide Voltorb
bide Electrode
bide Exeggcute
bide Exeggutor
bide Cubone
bide Marowak
bide Hitmonlee
bide Hitmonchan
bide Lickitung
bide Koffing
bide Weezing
bide Rhyhorn
bide Rhydon
bide Chansey
bide Tangela
bide Kangaskhan
bide Horsea
bide Seadra
bide Goldeen
bide Seaking
bide Staryu
bide Starmie
bide Mr. Mime
bide Scyther
bide Jynx
bide Electabuzz
bide Magmar
bide Pinsir
bide Tauros
bide Gyarados
bide Lapras
bide Eevee
bide Vaporeon
bide Jolteon
bide Flareon
bide Porygon
bide Kabuto
bide Kabutops
bide Aerodactyl
bide Snorlax
bide Articuno
bide Zapdos
bide Moltres
bide Dratini
bide Dragonair
bide Dragonite
bide Mewtwo
bide Mew
bind Onix
bind Tangela
bind Pinsir
bind Omanyte
bind Omastar
bind Steelix
bind Dusclops
bind Tangrowth
bind Dusknoir
bind Throh
bind Klink
bind Klang
bind Klinklang
bind Cryogonal
bind Heatmor
bind Zygarde
bind Bewear
bind Sobble
bind Drizzile
bind Inteleon
bind Clobbopus
bind Grapploct
bind Zarude
bind Lileep
bind Stunfisk
bite Squirtle
bite Wartortle
bite Blastoise
bite Nidoran♀
bite Nidorina
bite Nidoqueen
bite Zubat
bite Golbat
bite Meowth
bite Meowth
bite Persian
bite Persian
bite Growlithe
bite Arcanine
bite Kangaskhan
bite Gyarados
bite Eevee
bite Vaporeon
bite Jolteon
bite Flareon
bite Aerodactyl
bite Snorlax
bite Crobat
bite Espeon
bite Umbreon
bite Raikou
bite Entei
bite Suicune
bite Larvitar
bite Pupitar
bite Tyranitar
bite Loudred
bite Exploud
bite Mawile
bite Electrike
bite Manectric
bite Carvanha
bite Sharpedo
bite Trapinch
bite Vibrava
bite Flygon
bite Snorunt
bite Glalie
bite Bagon
bite Shelgon
bite Salamence
bite Shinx
bite Luxio
bite Luxray
bite Stunky
bite Skuntank
bite Gible
bite Gabite
bite Garchomp
bite Munchlax
bite Hippopotas
bite Hippowdon
bite Skorupi
bite Drapion
bite Leafeon
bite Glaceon
bite Froslass
bite Lillipup
bite Herdier
bite Stoutland
bite Basculin
bite Sandile
bite Krokorok
bite Krookodile
bite Darumaka
bite Darumaka
bite Darmanitan
bite Darmanitan
bite Tirtouga
bite Carracosta
bite Axew
bite Fraxure
bite Haxorus
bite Druddigon
bite Durant
bite Deino
bite Zweilous
bite Hydreigon
bite Tornadus
bite Tornadus
bite Thundurus
bite Thundurus
bite Tyrunt
bite Tyrantrum
bite Sylveon
bite Bergmite
bite Avalugg
bite Noibat
bite Noivern
bite Zygarde
bite Litten
bite Torracat
bite Incineroar
bite Grubbin
bite Charjabug
bite Vikavolt
bite Rockruff
bite Lycanroc
bite Lycanroc
bite Lycanroc
bite Mareanie
bite Toxapex
bite Dewpider
bite Araquanid
bite Silvally
bite Guzzlord
bite Skwovet
bite Greedent
bite Chewtle
bite Drednaw
bite Yamper
bite Boltund
bite Arrokuda
bite Barraskewda
bite Sizzlipede
bite Centiskorch
bite Impidimp
bite Morgrem
bite Grimmsnarl
bite Morpeko
bite Dracovish
bite Arctovish
bite Dreepy
bite Drakloak
bite Dragapult
bite Zacian
bite Zamazenta
bite Zarude
bite Regidrago
bite Charmander
bite Charmeleon
bite Charizard
bite Omanyte
bite Dunsparce
bite Sneasel
bite Swinub
bite Piloswine
bite Mudkip
bite Absol
bite Riolu
bite Lucario
bite Weavile
bite Mamoswine
bite Venipede
bite Whirlipede
bite Scolipede
bite Archen
bitter-malice Zorua
bitter-malice Zoroark
blast-burn Charizard
blast-burn Typhlosion
blast-burn Blaziken
blast-burn Infernape
blast-burn Emboar
blast-burn Delphox
blast-burn Incineroar
blaze-kick Hitmonlee
blaze-kick Combusken
blaze-kick Blaziken
blaze-kick Charizard
blaze-kick Hitmonlee
blaze-kick Zapdos
blaze-kick Mew
blaze-kick Combusken
blaze-kick Blaziken
blaze-kick Riolu
blaze-kick Lucario
blaze-kick Victini
blaze-kick Mienshao
blaze-kick Genesect
blaze-kick Incineroar
blaze-kick Marshadow
blaze-kick Zeraora
blaze-kick Scorbunny
blaze-kick Raboot
blaze-kick Cinderace
bleakwind-storm Tornadus
bleakwind-storm Tornadus
blizzard Sandshrew
blizzard Sandslash
blizzard Vulpix
blizzard Ninetales
blizzard Jynx
blizzard Articuno
blizzard Swinub
blizzard Piloswine
blizzard Smoochum
blizzard Suicune
blizzard Snorunt
blizzard Glalie
blizzard Spheal
blizzard Sealeo
blizzard Walrein
blizzard Regice
blizzard Snover
blizzard Abomasnow
blizzard Glaceon
blizzard Mamoswine
blizzard Froslass
blizzard Darumaka
blizzard Darmanitan
blizzard Vanillite
blizzard Vanillish
blizzard Vanilluxe
blizzard Cubchoo
blizzard Beartic
blizzard Kyurem
blizzard Kyurem
blizzard Kyurem
blizzard Amaura
blizzard Aurorus
blizzard Bergmite
blizzard Avalugg
blizzard Frosmoth
blizzard Eiscue
blizzard Arctozolt
blizzard Arctovish
blizzard Squirtle
blizzard Wartortle
blizzard Blastoise
blizzard Sandshrew
blizzard Sandslash
blizzard Nidoran♀
blizzard Nidorina
blizzard Nidoqueen
blizzard Nidoran♂
blizzard Nidorino
blizzard Nidoking
blizzard Clefairy
blizzard Clefable
blizzard Vulpix
blizzard Ninetales
blizzard Jigglypuff
blizzard Wigglytuff
blizzard Psyduck
blizzard Golduck
blizzard Poliwag
blizzard Poliwhirl
blizzard Poliwrath
blizzard Tentacool
blizzard Tentacruel
blizzard Slowpoke
blizzard Slowpoke
blizzard Slowbro
blizzard Slowbro
blizzard Shellder
blizzard Cloyster
blizzard Krabby
blizzard Kingler
blizzard Cubone
blizzard Marowak
blizzard Marowak
blizzard Lickitung
blizzard Rhyhorn
blizzard Rhydon
blizzard Chansey
blizzard Kangaskhan
blizzard Horsea
blizzard Seadra
blizzard Goldeen
blizzard Seaking
blizzard Staryu
blizzard Starmie
blizzard Mr. Mime
blizzard Jynx
blizzard Tauros
blizzard Gyarados
blizzard Lapras
blizzard Vaporeon
blizzard Porygon
blizzard Omanyte
blizzard Omastar
blizzard Kabuto
blizzard Kabutops
blizzard Snorlax
blizzard Articuno
blizzard Dratini
blizzard Dragonair
blizzard Dragonite
blizzard Mewtwo
blizzard Mew
blizzard Chinchou
blizzard Lanturn
blizzard Marill
blizzard Azumarill
blizzard Politoed
blizzard Wooper
blizzard Quagsire
blizzard Slowking
blizzard Slowking
blizzard Dunsparce
blizzard Qwilfish
blizzard Sneasel
blizzard Swinub
blizzard Piloswine
blizzard Corsola
blizzard Corsola
blizzard Remoraid
blizzard Octillery
blizzard Delibird
blizzard Mantine
blizzard Kingdra
blizzard Porygon2
blizzard Smoochum
blizzard Miltank
blizzard Blissey
blizzard Suicune
blizzard Tyranitar
blizzard Lugia
blizzard Mudkip
blizzard Marshtomp
blizzard Swampert
blizzard Zigzagoon
blizzard Zigzagoon
blizzard Linoone
blizzard Linoone
blizzard Lotad
blizzard Lombre
blizzard Ludicolo
blizzard Wingull
blizzard Pelipper
blizzard Whismur
blizzard Loudred
blizzard Exploud
blizzard Azurill
blizzard Aggron
blizzard Carvanha
blizzard Sharpedo
blizzard Wailmer
blizzard Wailord
blizzard Lunatone
blizzard Barboach
blizzard Whiscash
blizzard Corphish
blizzard Crawdaunt
blizzard Feebas
blizzard Milotic
blizzard Duskull
blizzard Dusclops
blizzard Absol
blizzard Snorunt
blizzard Glalie
blizzard Spheal
blizzard Sealeo
blizzard Walrein
blizzard Relicanth
blizzard Regice
blizzard Kyogre
blizzard Rayquaza
blizzard Shellos
blizzard Gastrodon
blizzard Lopunny
blizzard Munchlax
blizzard Mantyke
blizzard Snover
blizzard Abomasnow
blizzard Weavile
blizzard Lickilicky
blizzard Rhyperior
blizzard Glaceon
blizzard Mamoswine
blizzard Porygon-Z
blizzard Dusknoir
blizzard Froslass
blizzard Mesprit
blizzard Dialga
blizzard Palkia
blizzard Audino
blizzard Darumaka
blizzard Darmanitan
blizzard Tirtouga
blizzard Carracosta
blizzard Vanillite
blizzard Vanillish
blizzard Vanilluxe
blizzard Frillish
blizzard Jellicent
blizzard Cubchoo
blizzard Beartic
blizzard Cryogonal
blizzard Kyurem
blizzard Kyurem
blizzard Kyurem
blizzard Genesect
blizzard Binacle
blizzard Barbaracle
blizzard Amaura
blizzard Aurorus
blizzard Sliggoo
blizzard Goodra
blizzard Bergmite
blizzard Avalugg
blizzard Popplio
blizzard Brionne
blizzard Primarina
blizzard Mareanie
blizzard Toxapex
blizzard Dewpider
blizzard Araquanid
blizzard Golisopod
blizzard Drampa
blizzard Tapu Fini
blizzard Lunala
blizzard Pheromosa
blizzard Inteleon
blizzard Drednaw
blizzard Cramorant
blizzard Obstagoon
blizzard Cursola
blizzard Mr. Rime
blizzard Frosmoth
blizzard Eiscue
blizzard Arctozolt
blizzard Arctovish
blizzard Glastrier
blizzard Calyrex
block Snorlax
block Sudowoodo
block Bronzong
block Bonsly
block Tangrowth
block Landorus
block Landorus
block Stakataka
block Mr. Rime
block Stonjourner
block Slowpoke
block Slowpoke
block Slowbro
block Slowbro
block Onix
block Exeggcute
block Exeggutor
block Exeggutor
block Slowking
block Steelix
block Snorunt
block Glalie
block Froslass
block Dwebble
block Crustle
block Tirtouga
block Honedge
block Doublade
block Aegislash
block Rolycoly
block Carkol
block Coalossal
blue-flare Reshiram
body-press Regigigas
body-press Blastoise
body-press Nidoqueen
body-press Nidoking
body-press Slowbro
body-press Onix
body-press Lickitung
body-press Rhydon
body-press Lapras
body-press Snorlax
body-press Dragonite
body-press Mew
body-press Sudowoodo
body-press Steelix
body-press Mantine
body-press Skarmory
body-press Miltank
body-press Tyranitar
body-press Swampert
body-press Linoone
body-press Aron
body-press Lairon
body-press Aggron
body-press Wailmer
body-press Wailord
body-press Torkoal
body-press Claydol
body-press Walrein
body-press Relicanth
body-press Metagross
body-press Regirock
body-press Registeel
body-press Bronzong
body-press Hippowdon
body-press Magnezone
body-press Lickilicky
body-press Rhyperior
body-press Mamoswine
body-press Dialga
body-press Palkia
body-press Heatran
body-press Regigigas
body-press Roggenrola
body-press Boldore
body-press Gigalith
body-press Darmanitan
body-press Darmanitan
body-press Crustle
body-press Cofagrigus
body-press Garbodor
body-press Ferrothorn
body-press Beartic
body-press Golurk
body-press Reshiram
body-press Zekrom
body-press Kyurem
body-press Kyurem
body-press Kyurem
body-press Hawlucha
body-press Carbink
body-press Goodra
body-press Avalugg
body-press Diancie
body-press Volcanion
body-press Mudsdale
body-press Bewear
body-press Turtonator
body-press Dhelmise
body-press Kommo-o
body-press Guzzlord
body-press Stakataka
body-press Melmetal
body-press Rillaboom
body-press Greedent
body-press Corviknight
body-press Dottler
body-press Orbeetle
body-press Dubwool
body-press Drednaw
body-press Carkol
body-press Coalossal
body-press Appletun
body-press Sandaconda
body-press Grimmsnarl
body-press Obstagoon
body-press Runerigus
body-press Stonjourner
body-press Cufant
body-press Copperajah
body-press Duraludon
body-press Urshifu
body-press Urshifu
body-press Glastrier
body-press Calyrex
body-slam Jigglypuff
body-slam Wigglytuff
body-slam Poliwag
body-slam Poliwhirl
body-slam Poliwrath
body-slam Lapras
body-slam Snorlax
body-slam Politoed
body-slam Dunsparce
body-slam Miltank
body-slam Wailmer
body-slam Wailord
body-slam Torkoal
body-slam Spheal
body-slam Sealeo
body-slam Walrein
body-slam Kyogre
body-slam Shellos
body-slam Gastrodon
body-slam Munchlax
body-slam Garbodor
body-slam Shelmet
body-slam Accelgor
body-slam Deino
body-slam Zweilous
body-slam Hydreigon
body-slam Pancham
body-slam Pangoro
body-slam Goomy
body-slam Sliggoo
body-slam Goodra
body-slam Avalugg
body-slam Turtonator
body-slam Guzzlord
body-slam Skwovet
body-slam Greedent
body-slam Chewtle
body-slam Drednaw
body-slam Appletun
body-slam Stonjourner
body-slam Bulbasaur
body-slam Ivysaur
body-slam Venusaur
body-slam Charmander
body-slam Charmeleon
body-slam Charizard
body-slam Squirtle
body-slam Wartortle
body-slam Blastoise
body-slam Pikachu
body-slam Raichu
body-slam Raichu
body-slam Sandshrew
body-slam Sandshrew
body-slam Sandslash
body-slam Sandslash
body-slam Nidoran♀
body-slam Nidorina
body-slam Nidoqueen
body-slam Nidoran♂
body-slam Nidorino
body-slam Nidoking
body-slam Clefairy
body-slam Clefable
body-slam Vulpix
body-slam Vulpix
body-slam Ninetales
body-slam Ninetales
body-slam Jigglypuff
body-slam Wigglytuff
body-slam Vileplume
body-slam Diglett
body-slam Diglett
body-slam Dugtrio
body-slam Dugtrio
body-slam Meowth
body-slam Meowth
body-slam Meowth
body-slam Persian
body-slam Persian
body-slam Psyduck
body-slam Golduck
body-slam Growlithe
body-slam Arcanine
body-slam Poliwag
body-slam Poliwhirl
body-slam Poliwrath
body-slam Abra
body-slam Kadabra
body-slam Alakazam
body-slam Machop
body-slam Machoke
body-slam Machamp
body-slam Ponyta
body-slam Ponyta
body-slam Rapidash
body-slam Rapidash
body-slam Slowpoke
body-slam Slowpoke
body-slam Slowbro
body-slam Slowbro
body-slam Farfetch'd
body-slam Farfetch'd
body-slam Gengar
body-slam Onix
body-slam Krabby
body-slam Kingler
body-slam Cubone
body-slam Marowak
body-slam Marowak
body-slam Hitmonlee
body-slam Hitmonchan
body-slam Lickitung
body-slam Rhyhorn
body-slam Rhydon
body-slam Chansey
body-slam Tangela
body-slam Kangaskhan
body-slam Goldeen
body-slam Seaking
body-slam Mr. Mime
body-slam Mr. Mime
body-slam Jynx
body-slam Electabuzz
body-slam Magmar
body-slam Pinsir
body-slam Tauros
body-slam Gyarados
body-slam Lapras
body-slam Eevee
body-slam Vaporeon
body-slam Jolteon
body-slam Flareon
body-slam Omanyte
body-slam Omastar
body-slam Kabuto
body-slam Kabutops
body-slam Snorlax
body-slam Dratini
body-slam Dragonair
body-slam Dragonite
body-slam Mewtwo
body-slam Mew
body-slam Pichu
body-slam Cleffa
body-slam Igglybuff
body-slam Togepi
body-slam Togetic
body-slam Marill
body-slam Azumarill
body-slam Sudowoodo
body-slam Politoed
body-slam Wooper
body-slam Quagsire
body-slam Espeon
body-slam Umbreon
body-slam Slowking
body-slam Slowking
body-slam Dunsparce
body-slam Steelix
body-slam Shuckle
body-slam Heracross
body-slam Swinub
body-slam Piloswine
body-slam Corsola
body-slam Corsola
body-slam Delibird
body-slam Mantine
body-slam Kingdra
body-slam Tyrogue
body-slam Hitmontop
body-slam Smoochum
body-slam Elekid
body-slam Magby
body-slam Miltank
body-slam Blissey
body-slam Raikou
body-slam Entei
body-slam Suicune
body-slam Larvitar
body-slam Pupitar
body-slam Tyranitar
body-slam Lugia
body-slam Treecko
body-slam Grovyle
body-slam Sceptile
body-slam Torchic
body-slam Combusken
body-slam Blaziken
body-slam Mudkip
body-slam Marshtomp
body-slam Swampert
body-slam Zigzagoon
body-slam Zigzagoon
body-slam Linoone
body-slam Linoone
body-slam Lotad
body-slam Lombre
body-slam Ludicolo
body-slam Seedot
body-slam Nuzleaf
body-slam Shiftry
body-slam Ralts
body-slam Kirlia
body-slam Gardevoir
body-slam Whismur
body-slam Loudred
body-slam Exploud
body-slam Azurill
body-slam Sableye
body-slam Mawile
body-slam Aron
body-slam Lairon
body-slam Aggron
body-slam Electrike
body-slam Manectric
body-slam Roselia
body-slam Wailmer
body-slam Wailord
body-slam Torkoal
body-slam Trapinch
body-slam Vibrava
body-slam Flygon
body-slam Swablu
body-slam Altaria
body-slam Lunatone
body-slam Solrock
body-slam Corphish
body-slam Crawdaunt
body-slam Lileep
body-slam Cradily
body-slam Anorith
body-slam Armaldo
body-slam Milotic
body-slam Duskull
body-slam Dusclops
body-slam Absol
body-slam Snorunt
body-slam Glalie
body-slam Spheal
body-slam Sealeo
body-slam Walrein
body-slam Relicanth
body-slam Bagon
body-slam Shelgon
body-slam Salamence
body-slam Metang
body-slam Metagross
body-slam Regirock
body-slam Regice
body-slam Registeel
body-slam Latias
body-slam Latios
body-slam Kyogre
body-slam Groudon
body-slam Rayquaza
body-slam Jirachi
body-slam Roserade
body-slam Shellos
body-slam Gastrodon
body-slam Drifloon
body-slam Drifblim
body-slam Gible
body-slam Gabite
body-slam Garchomp
body-slam Munchlax
body-slam Hippopotas
body-slam Hippowdon
body-slam Lickilicky
body-slam Rhyperior
body-slam Tangrowth
body-slam Electivire
body-slam Magmortar
body-slam Togekiss
body-slam Leafeon
body-slam Glaceon
body-slam Mamoswine
body-slam Gallade
body-slam Dusknoir
body-slam Froslass
body-slam Dialga
body-slam Palkia
body-slam Heatran
body-slam Regigigas
body-slam Giratina
body-slam Giratina
body-slam Cresselia
body-slam Audino
body-slam Throh
body-slam Krookodile
body-slam Darmanitan
body-slam Darmanitan
body-slam Tirtouga
body-slam Carracosta
body-slam Garbodor
body-slam Foongus
body-slam Amoonguss
body-slam Shelmet
body-slam Accelgor
body-slam Druddigon
body-slam Golurk
body-slam Bouffalant
body-slam Heatmor
body-slam Deino
body-slam Zweilous
body-slam Hydreigon
body-slam Tornadus
body-slam Tornadus
body-slam Thundurus
body-slam Thundurus
body-slam Landorus
body-slam Landorus
body-slam Diggersby
body-slam Pancham
body-slam Pangoro
body-slam Tyrunt
body-slam Tyrantrum
body-slam Amaura
body-slam Aurorus
body-slam Sylveon
body-slam Goomy
body-slam Sliggoo
body-slam Goodra
body-slam Avalugg
body-slam Xerneas
body-slam Yveltal
body-slam Zygarde
body-slam Volcanion
body-slam Litten
body-slam Torracat
body-slam Incineroar
body-slam Mudbray
body-slam Mudsdale
body-slam Bewear
body-slam Turtonator
body-slam Nihilego
body-slam Buzzwole
body-slam Celesteela
body-slam Guzzlord
body-slam Stakataka
body-slam Melmetal
body-slam Rillaboom
body-slam Skwovet
body-slam Greedent
body-slam Corviknight
body-slam Dubwool
body-slam Chewtle
body-slam Drednaw
body-slam Coalossal
body-slam Appletun
body-slam Clobbopus
body-slam Grapploct
body-slam Grimmsnarl
body-slam Obstagoon
body-slam Perrserker
body-slam Cursola
body-slam Sirfetch'd
body-slam Mr. Rime
body-slam Stonjourner
body-slam Cufant
body-slam Copperajah
body-slam Dracozolt
body-slam Arctozolt
body-slam Dracovish
body-slam Arctovish
body-slam Duraludon
body-slam Dragapult
body-slam Kubfu
body-slam Urshifu
body-slam Urshifu
body-slam Zarude
body-slam Regieleki
body-slam Regidrago
body-slam Glastrier
body-slam Spectrier
body-slam Calyrex
body-slam Calyrex
bolt-beak Dracozolt
bolt-beak Arctozolt
bolt-strike Zekrom
bone-club Cubone
bone-club Marowak
bone-club Marowak
bone-club Marowak
bone-club Marowak
bone-rush Cubone
bone-rush Marowak
bone-rush Marowak
bone-rush Lucario
bone-rush Mandibuzz
bonemerang Cubone
bonemerang Marowak
bonemerang Marowak
boomburst Exploud
boomburst Vibrava
boomburst Flygon
boomburst Noivern
boomburst Kommo-o
boomburst Rillaboom
boomburst Toxtricity
boomburst Toxtricity
bounce Marill
bounce Azumarill
bounce Politoed
bounce Mantine
bounce Torchic
bounce Combusken
bounce Blaziken
bounce Azurill
bounce Wailmer
bounce Wailord
bounce Buneary
bounce Lopunny
bounce Mantyke
bounce Stunfisk
bounce Stunfisk
bounce Mienfoo
bounce Mienshao
bounce Bunnelby
bounce Diggersby
bounce Clauncher
bounce Clawitzer
bounce Hawlucha
bounce Pheromosa
bounce Scorbunny
bounce Raboot
bounce Cinderace
bounce Clefairy
bounce Clefable
bounce Jigglypuff
bounce Wigglytuff
bounce Ponyta
bounce Ponyta
bounce Rapidash
bounce Rapidash
bounce Hitmonlee
bounce Horsea
bounce Seadra
bounce Goldeen
bounce Seaking
bounce Magikarp
bounce Gyarados
bounce Zapdos
bounce Mew
bounce Chinchou
bounce Lanturn
bounce Igglybuff
bounce Marill
bounce Azumarill
bounce Politoed
bounce Qwilfish
bounce Remoraid
bounce Octillery
bounce Delibird
bounce Mantine
bounce Kingdra
bounce Torchic
bounce Combusken
bounce Blaziken
bounce Shiftry
bounce Azurill
bounce Carvanha
bounce Sharpedo
bounce Wailmer
bounce Wailord
bounce Barboach
bounce Whiscash
bounce Absol
bounce Relicanth
bounce Buneary
bounce Lopunny
bounce Croagunk
bounce Toxicroak
bounce Mantyke
bounce Victini
bounce Tympole
bounce Palpitoad
bounce Seismitoad
bounce Basculin
bounce Maractus
bounce Archen
bounce Archeops
bounce Zorua
bounce Zoroark
bounce Joltik
bounce Galvantula
bounce Stunfisk
bounce Stunfisk
bounce Mienfoo
bounce Mienshao
bounce Cobalion
bounce Virizion
bounce Keldeo
bounce Bunnelby
bounce Diggersby
bounce Skrelp
bounce Dragalge
bounce Clauncher
bounce Clawitzer
bounce Hawlucha
bounce Bounsweet
bounce Steenee
bounce Tsareena
bounce Togedemaru
bounce Buzzwole
bounce Pheromosa
bounce Marshadow
bounce Zeraora
bounce Scorbunny
bounce Raboot
bounce Cinderace
bounce Sobble
bounce Drizzile
bounce Inteleon
bounce Dubwool
bounce Arrokuda
bounce Barraskewda
bounce Regieleki
bouncy-bubble Eevee
branch-poke Phantump
branch-poke Trevenant
branch-poke Grookey
branch-poke Thwackey
branch-poke Rillaboom
brave-bird Farfetch'd
brave-bird Farfetch'd
brave-bird Skarmory
brave-bird Blaziken
brave-bird Rufflet
brave-bird Braviary
brave-bird Vullaby
brave-bird Mandibuzz
brave-bird Talonflame
brave-bird Rowlet
brave-bird Dartrix
brave-bird Decidueye
brave-bird Tapu Koko
brave-bird Rookidee
brave-bird Corvisquire
brave-bird Corviknight
brave-bird Sirfetch'd
brave-bird Zubat
brave-bird Golbat
brave-bird Farfetch'd
brave-bird Farfetch'd
brave-bird Articuno
brave-bird Articuno
brave-bird Zapdos
brave-bird Zapdos
brave-bird Moltres
brave-bird Moltres
brave-bird Mew
brave-bird Crobat
brave-bird Delibird
brave-bird Skarmory
brave-bird Ho-oh
brave-bird Blaziken
brave-bird Pelipper
brave-bird Unfezant
brave-bird Rufflet
brave-bird Braviary
brave-bird Vullaby
brave-bird Mandibuzz
brave-bird Talonflame
brave-bird Hawlucha
brave-bird Rowlet
brave-bird Dartrix
brave-bird Decidueye
brave-bird Tapu Koko
brave-bird Rookidee
brave-bird Corvisquire
brave-bird Corviknight
brave-bird Cramorant
brave-bird Sirfetch'd
breaking-swipe Duraludon
breaking-swipe Charizard
breaking-swipe Onix
breaking-swipe Exeggutor
breaking-swipe Rhydon
breaking-swipe Dratini
breaking-swipe Dragonair
breaking-swipe Dragonite
breaking-swipe Mew
breaking-swipe Steelix
breaking-swipe Kingdra
breaking-swipe Tyranitar
breaking-swipe Sceptile
breaking-swipe Flygon
breaking-swipe Altaria
breaking-swipe Milotic
breaking-swipe Salamence
breaking-swipe Latias
breaking-swipe Latios
breaking-swipe Rayquaza
breaking-swipe Garchomp
breaking-swipe Rhyperior
breaking-swipe Dialga
breaking-swipe Palkia
breaking-swipe Giratina
breaking-swipe Giratina
breaking-swipe Axew
breaking-swipe Fraxure
breaking-swipe Haxorus
breaking-swipe Hydreigon
breaking-swipe Reshiram
breaking-swipe Zekrom
breaking-swipe Kyurem
breaking-swipe Kyurem
breaking-swipe Kyurem
breaking-swipe Heliolisk
breaking-swipe Tyrantrum
breaking-swipe Goodra
breaking-swipe Zygarde
breaking-swipe Salazzle
breaking-swipe Drampa
breaking-swipe Kommo-o
breaking-swipe Necrozma
breaking-swipe Naganadel
breaking-swipe Inteleon
breaking-swipe Dracozolt
breaking-swipe Duraludon
breaking-swipe Drakloak
breaking-swipe Dragapult
breaking-swipe Regidrago
brick-break Farfetch'd
brick-break Hitmonlee
brick-break Zapdos
brick-break Heracross
brick-break Sawk
brick-break Scraggy
brick-break Scrafty
brick-break Clobbopus
brick-break Grapploct
brick-break Sirfetch'd
brick-break Kubfu
brick-break Urshifu
brick-break Urshifu
brick-break Charmander
brick-break Charmeleon
brick-break Charizard
brick-break Squirtle
brick-break Wartortle
brick-break Blastoise
brick-break Pikachu
brick-break Raichu
brick-break Raichu
brick-break Sandshrew
brick-break Sandshrew
brick-break Sandslash
brick-break Sandslash
brick-break Nidoqueen
brick-break Nidoking
brick-break Clefairy
brick-break Clefable
brick-break Jigglypuff
brick-break Wigglytuff
brick-break Psyduck
brick-break Golduck
brick-break Poliwhirl
brick-break Poliwrath
brick-break Machop
brick-break Machoke
brick-break Machamp
brick-break Slowbro
brick-break Slowbro
brick-break Farfetch'd
brick-break Gengar
brick-break Krabby
brick-break Kingler
brick-break Exeggutor
brick-break Cubone
brick-break Marowak
brick-break Marowak
brick-break Hitmonlee
brick-break Hitmonchan
brick-break Lickitung
brick-break Rhydon
brick-break Chansey
brick-break Kangaskhan
brick-break Mr. Mime
brick-break Mr. Mime
brick-break Scyther
brick-break Jynx
brick-break Electabuzz
brick-break Magmar
brick-break Pinsir
brick-break Kabutops
brick-break Snorlax
brick-break Zapdos
brick-break Dragonite
brick-break Mewtwo
brick-break Mew
brick-break Togetic
brick-break Marill
brick-break Azumarill
brick-break Sudowoodo
brick-break Politoed
brick-break Quagsire
brick-break Slowking
brick-break Slowking
brick-break Scizor
brick-break Heracross
brick-break Sneasel
brick-break Delibird
brick-break Tyrogue
brick-break Hitmontop
brick-break Elekid
brick-break Magby
brick-break Miltank
brick-break Blissey
brick-break Larvitar
brick-break Pupitar
brick-break Tyranitar
brick-break Treecko
brick-break Grovyle
brick-break Sceptile
brick-break Combusken
brick-break Blaziken
brick-break Marshtomp
brick-break Swampert
brick-break Lombre
brick-break Ludicolo
brick-break Nuzleaf
brick-break Shiftry
brick-break Loudred
brick-break Exploud
brick-break Sableye
brick-break Mawile
brick-break Aggron
brick-break Corphish
brick-break Crawdaunt
brick-break Anorith
brick-break Armaldo
brick-break Dusclops
brick-break Bagon
brick-break Shelgon
brick-break Salamence
brick-break Metang
brick-break Metagross
brick-break Regirock
brick-break Regice
brick-break Registeel
brick-break Kyogre
brick-break Groudon
brick-break Rayquaza
brick-break Bonsly
brick-break Mime Jr.
brick-break Garchomp
brick-break Munchlax
brick-break Riolu
brick-break Lucario
brick-break Skorupi
brick-break Drapion
brick-break Croagunk
brick-break Toxicroak
brick-break Abomasnow
brick-break Weavile
brick-break Lickilicky
brick-break Rhyperior
brick-break Tangrowth
brick-break Electivire
brick-break Magmortar
brick-break Togekiss
brick-break Gallade
brick-break Dusknoir
brick-break Dialga
brick-break Palkia
brick-break Regigigas
brick-break Victini
brick-break Drilbur
brick-break Excadrill
brick-break Timburr
brick-break Gurdurr
brick-break Conkeldurr
brick-break Seismitoad
brick-break Throh
brick-break Sawk
brick-break Krokorok
brick-break Krookodile
brick-break Darumaka
brick-break Darumaka
brick-break Darmanitan
brick-break Darmanitan
brick-break Scraggy
brick-break Scrafty
brick-break Gothitelle
brick-break Haxorus
brick-break Beartic
brick-break Mienfoo
brick-break Mienshao
brick-break Golett
brick-break Golurk
brick-break Pawniard
brick-break Bisharp
brick-break Cobalion
brick-break Terrakion
brick-break Virizion
brick-break Tornadus
brick-break Tornadus
brick-break Thundurus
brick-break Thundurus
brick-break Landorus
brick-break Landorus
brick-break Keldeo
brick-break Bunnelby
brick-break Diggersby
brick-break Pancham
brick-break Pangoro
brick-break Honedge
brick-break Doublade
brick-break Aegislash
brick-break Aegislash
brick-break Binacle
brick-break Barbaracle
brick-break Tyrunt
brick-break Tyrantrum
brick-break Hawlucha
brick-break Noibat
brick-break Noivern
brick-break Zygarde
brick-break Volcanion
brick-break Incineroar
brick-break Lycanroc
brick-break Lycanroc
brick-break Lycanroc
brick-break Lurantis
brick-break Stufful
brick-break Bewear
brick-break Oranguru
brick-break Passimian
brick-break Golisopod
brick-break Dhelmise
brick-break Jangmo-o
brick-break Hakamo-o
brick-break Kommo-o
brick-break Tapu Bulu
brick-break Buzzwole
brick-break Pheromosa
brick-break Kartana
brick-break Guzzlord
brick-break Necrozma
brick-break Magearna
brick-break Marshadow
brick-break Zeraora
brick-break Melmetal
brick-break Rillaboom
brick-break Arrokuda
brick-break Barraskewda
brick-break Clobbopus
brick-break Grapploct
brick-break Grimmsnarl
brick-break Obstagoon
brick-break Sirfetch'd
brick-break Mr. Rime
brick-break Falinks
brick-break Morpeko
brick-break Cufant
brick-break Copperajah
brick-break Duraludon
brick-break Zacian
brick-break Kubfu
brick-break Urshifu
brick-break Urshifu
brick-break Zarude
brine Staryu
brine Starmie
brine Gyarados
brine Lapras
brine Omanyte
brine Omastar
brine Kabuto
brine Kabutops
brine Qwilfish
brine Wailmer
brine Wailord
brine Lileep
brine Cradily
brine Anorith
brine Armaldo
brine Spheal
brine Sealeo
brine Walrein
brine Tirtouga
brine Carracosta
brine Frillish
brine Jellicent
brine Cubchoo
brine Beartic
brine Wishiwashi
brine Tapu Fini
brine Squirtle
brine Wartortle
brine Blastoise
brine Psyduck
brine Golduck
brine Tentacool
brine Tentacruel
brine Slowpoke
brine Slowpoke
brine Slowbro
brine Slowbro
brine Shellder
brine Cloyster
brine Krabby
brine Kingler
brine Horsea
brine Seadra
brine Staryu
brine Starmie
brine Gyarados
brine Lapras
brine Vaporeon
brine Omanyte
brine Omastar
brine Kabuto
brine Kabutops
brine Mew
brine Chinchou
brine Lanturn
brine Slowking
brine Slowking
brine Qwilfish
brine Corsola
brine Corsola
brine Remoraid
brine Octillery
brine Mantine
brine Kingdra
brine Suicune
brine Lugia
brine Wingull
brine Pelipper
brine Carvanha
brine Sharpedo
brine Wailmer
brine Wailord
brine Lileep
brine Cradily
brine Anorith
brine Armaldo
brine Feebas
brine Milotic
brine Spheal
brine Sealeo
brine Walrein
brine Relicanth
brine Kyogre
brine Shellos
brine Gastrodon
brine Palkia
brine Basculin
brine Tirtouga
brine Carracosta
brine Frillish
brine Jellicent
brine Cubchoo
brine Beartic
brine Popplio
brine Brionne
brine Primarina
brine Wishiwashi
brine Mareanie
brine Toxapex
brine Sandygast
brine Palossand
brine Dhelmise
brine Tapu Fini
brine Clobbopus
brine Grapploct
brine Cursola
brine Pincurchin
brine Eiscue
brine Dracovish
brine Arctovish
brine Drakloak
brine Dragapult
brine Urshifu
brutal-swing Farfetch'd
brutal-swing Yamask
brutal-swing Stufful
brutal-swing Bewear
brutal-swing Silicobra
brutal-swing Sandaconda
brutal-swing Hattrem
brutal-swing Hatterene
brutal-swing Sirfetch'd
brutal-swing Runerigus
brutal-swing Dracovish
brutal-swing Charizard
brutal-swing Raichu
brutal-swing Tentacool
brutal-swing Tentacruel
brutal-swing Slowbro
brutal-swing Farfetch'd
brutal-swing Farfetch'd
brutal-swing Onix
brutal-swing Kingler
brutal-swing Exeggutor
brutal-swing Cubone
brutal-swing Marowak
brutal-swing Marowak
brutal-swing Lickitung
brutal-swing Weezing
brutal-swing Rhydon
brutal-swing Scyther
brutal-swing Pinsir
brutal-swing Gyarados
brutal-swing Aerodactyl
brutal-swing Dratini
brutal-swing Dragonair
brutal-swing Dragonite
brutal-swing Mewtwo
brutal-swing Mew
brutal-swing Marill
brutal-swing Azumarill
brutal-swing Steelix
brutal-swing Scizor
brutal-swing Heracross
brutal-swing Delibird
brutal-swing Hitmontop
brutal-swing Tyranitar
brutal-swing Sceptile
brutal-swing Shiftry
brutal-swing Azurill
brutal-swing Mawile
brutal-swing Aggron
brutal-swing Flygon
brutal-swing Armaldo
brutal-swing Milotic
brutal-swing Absol
brutal-swing Salamence
brutal-swing Metagross
brutal-swing Groudon
brutal-swing Rayquaza
brutal-swing Drifloon
brutal-swing Drifblim
brutal-swing Lopunny
brutal-swing Garchomp
brutal-swing Drapion
brutal-swing Lickilicky
brutal-swing Rhyperior
brutal-swing Tangrowth
brutal-swing Giratina
brutal-swing Giratina
brutal-swing Excadrill
brutal-swing Timburr
brutal-swing Gurdurr
brutal-swing Conkeldurr
brutal-swing Krokorok
brutal-swing Krookodile
brutal-swing Yamask
brutal-swing Escavalier
brutal-swing Ferrothorn
brutal-swing Haxorus
brutal-swing Mienshao
brutal-swing Heatmor
brutal-swing Hydreigon
brutal-swing Tornadus
brutal-swing Tornadus
brutal-swing Thundurus
brutal-swing Thundurus
brutal-swing Reshiram
brutal-swing Zekrom
brutal-swing Landorus
brutal-swing Landorus
brutal-swing Kyurem
brutal-swing Kyurem
brutal-swing Kyurem
brutal-swing Diggersby
brutal-swing Honedge
brutal-swing Doublade
brutal-swing Aegislash
brutal-swing Aegislash
brutal-swing Malamar
brutal-swing Barbaracle
brutal-swing Heliolisk
brutal-swing Tyrantrum
brutal-swing Goodra
brutal-swing Trevenant
brutal-swing Gourgeist
brutal-swing Incineroar
brutal-swing Stufful
brutal-swing Bewear
brutal-swing Oranguru
brutal-swing Passimian
brutal-swing Turtonator
brutal-swing Dhelmise
brutal-swing Hakamo-o
brutal-swing Kommo-o
brutal-swing Tapu Bulu
brutal-swing Nihilego
brutal-swing Xurkitree
brutal-swing Celesteela
brutal-swing Guzzlord
brutal-swing Necrozma
brutal-swing Stakataka
brutal-swing Zeraora
brutal-swing Melmetal
brutal-swing Rillaboom
brutal-swing Skwovet
brutal-swing Greedent
brutal-swing Silicobra
brutal-swing Sandaconda
brutal-swing Sizzlipede
brutal-swing Centiskorch
brutal-swing Grapploct
brutal-swing Hattrem
brutal-swing Hatterene
brutal-swing Sirfetch'd
brutal-swing Runerigus
brutal-swing Stonjourner
brutal-swing Cufant
brutal-swing Copperajah
brutal-swing Dracozolt
brutal-swing Dracovish
brutal-swing Zacian
brutal-swing Eternatus
brutal-swing Zarude
bubble Squirtle
bubble Wartortle
bubble Blastoise
bubble Poliwag
bubble Poliwhirl
bubble Krabby
bubble Kingler
bubble Horsea
bubble Seadra
bubble Chinchou
bubble Lanturn
bubble Marill
bubble Azumarill
bubble Qwilfish
bubble Corsola
bubble Mantine
bubble Kingdra
bubble Lotad
bubble Lombre
bubble Surskit
bubble Masquerain
bubble Azurill
bubble Corphish
bubble Crawdaunt
bubble Piplup
bubble Prinplup
bubble Prinplup
bubble Empoleon
bubble Empoleon
bubble Mantyke
bubble Phione
bubble Manaphy
bubble Tympole
bubble Palpitoad
bubble Seismitoad
bubble Frillish
bubble Jellicent
bubble Froakie
bubble Frogadier
bubble Frogadier
bubble Greninja
bubble Greninja
bubble Skrelp
bubble Dragalge
bubble Clauncher
bubble Clawitzer
bubble Goomy
bubble Sliggoo
bubble Goodra
bubble Crabrawler
bubble Crabominable
bubble Dewpider
bubble Araquanid
bubble Tentacool
bubble Tentacruel
bubble-beam Poliwag
bubble-beam Poliwhirl
bubble-beam Poliwrath
bubble-beam Tentacool
bubble-beam Tentacruel
bubble-beam Krabby
bubble-beam Kingler
bubble-beam Horsea
bubble-beam Seadra
bubble-beam Chinchou
bubble-beam Lanturn
bubble-beam Marill
bubble-beam Azumarill
bubble-beam Politoed
bubble-beam Corsola
bubble-beam Remoraid
bubble-beam Octillery
bubble-beam Mantine
bubble-beam Kingdra
bubble-beam Lotad
bubble-beam Lombre
bubble-beam Ludicolo
bubble-beam Azurill
bubble-beam Corphish
bubble-beam Crawdaunt
bubble-beam Mantyke
bubble-beam Tympole
bubble-beam Palpitoad
bubble-beam Seismitoad
bubble-beam Keldeo
bubble-beam Popplio
bubble-beam Brionne
bubble-beam Primarina
bubble-beam Dewpider
bubble-beam Araquanid
bubble-beam Pincurchin
bubble-beam Shellder
bubble-beam Cloyster
bubble-beam Omanyte
bubble-beam Kabuto
bubble-beam Qwilfish
bubble-beam Basculin
bubble-beam Frillish
bubble-beam Jellicent
bubble-beam Clauncher
bubble-beam Clawitzer
bug-bite Caterpie
bug-bite Butterfree
bug-bite Pinsir
bug-bite Shuckle
bug-bite Ninjask
bug-bite Anorith
bug-bite Armaldo
bug-bite Combee
bug-bite Vespiquen
bug-bite Skorupi
bug-bite Drapion
bug-bite Venipede
bug-bite Whirlipede
bug-bite Scolipede
bug-bite Dwebble
bug-bite Crustle
bug-bite Joltik
bug-bite Galvantula
bug-bite Heatmor
bug-bite Durant
bug-bite Larvesta
bug-bite Volcarona
bug-bite Grubbin
bug-bite Charjabug
bug-bite Vikavolt
bug-bite Dewpider
bug-bite Araquanid
bug-bite Golisopod
bug-bite Pheromosa
bug-bite Sizzlipede
bug-bite Centiskorch
bug-bite Nincada
bug-bite Ninjask
bug-bite Shedinja
bug-bite Trapinch
bug-bite Vibrava
bug-bite Flygon
bug-bite Karrablast
bug-bite Escavalier
bug-bite Snom
bug-bite Frosmoth
bug-buzz Butterfree
bug-buzz Vibrava
bug-buzz Flygon
bug-buzz Karrablast
bug-buzz Escavalier
bug-buzz Joltik
bug-buzz Galvantula
bug-buzz Shelmet
bug-buzz Accelgor
bug-buzz Larvesta
bug-buzz Volcarona
bug-buzz Genesect
bug-buzz Vikavolt
bug-buzz Cutiefly
bug-buzz Ribombee
bug-buzz Pheromosa
bug-buzz Orbeetle
bug-buzz Frosmoth
bug-buzz Butterfree
bug-buzz Scyther
bug-buzz Mew
bug-buzz Scizor
bug-buzz Nincada
bug-buzz Ninjask
bug-buzz Shedinja
bug-buzz Vibrava
bug-buzz Flygon
bug-buzz Combee
bug-buzz Vespiquen
bug-buzz Skorupi
bug-buzz Drapion
bug-buzz Karrablast
bug-buzz Escavalier
bug-buzz Joltik
bug-buzz Galvantula
bug-buzz Shelmet
bug-buzz Accelgor
bug-buzz Larvesta
bug-buzz Volcarona
bug-buzz Genesect
bug-buzz Vikavolt
bug-buzz Cutiefly
bug-buzz Ribombee
bug-buzz Dewpider
bug-buzz Araquanid
bug-buzz Wimpod
bug-buzz Golisopod
bug-buzz Pheromosa
bug-buzz Dottler
bug-buzz Orbeetle
bug-buzz Sizzlipede
bug-buzz Centiskorch
bug-buzz Snom
bug-buzz Frosmoth
bulk-up Machop
bulk-up Machoke
bulk-up Machamp
bulk-up Zapdos
bulk-up Combusken
bulk-up Blaziken
bulk-up Groudon
bulk-up Timburr
bulk-up Gurdurr
bulk-up Conkeldurr
bulk-up Throh
bulk-up Sawk
bulk-up Incineroar
bulk-up Passimian
bulk-up Buzzwole
bulk-up Clobbopus
bulk-up Grapploct
bulk-up Grimmsnarl
bulk-up Falinks
bulk-up Kubfu
bulk-up Urshifu
bulk-up Urshifu
bulk-up Poliwrath
bulk-up Machop
bulk-up Machoke
bulk-up Machamp
bulk-up Hitmonlee
bulk-up Hitmonchan
bulk-up Pinsir
bulk-up Zapdos
bulk-up Mewtwo
bulk-up Mew
bulk-up Heracross
bulk-up Tyrogue
bulk-up Hitmontop
bulk-up Combusken
bulk-up Blaziken
bulk-up Swampert
bulk-up Groudon
bulk-up Rayquaza
bulk-up Riolu
bulk-up Lucario
bulk-up Croagunk
bulk-up Toxicroak
bulk-up Gallade
bulk-up Dialga
bulk-up Palkia
bulk-up Timburr
bulk-up Gurdurr
bulk-up Conkeldurr
bulk-up Throh
bulk-up Sawk
bulk-up Krookodile
bulk-up Darmanitan
bulk-up Darmanitan
bulk-up Scraggy
bulk-up Scrafty
bulk-up Beartic
bulk-up Mienfoo
bulk-up Mienshao
bulk-up Rufflet
bulk-up Braviary
bulk-up Tornadus
bulk-up Tornadus
bulk-up Thundurus
bulk-up Thundurus
bulk-up Landorus
bulk-up Landorus
bulk-up Bunnelby
bulk-up Diggersby
bulk-up Talonflame
bulk-up Pancham
bulk-up Pangoro
bulk-up Barbaracle
bulk-up Hawlucha
bulk-up Litten
bulk-up Torracat
bulk-up Incineroar
bulk-up Lycanroc
bulk-up Lycanroc
bulk-up Lycanroc
bulk-up Stufful
bulk-up Bewear
bulk-up Passimian
bulk-up Golisopod
bulk-up Turtonator
bulk-up Mimikyu
bulk-up Jangmo-o
bulk-up Hakamo-o
bulk-up Kommo-o
bulk-up Tapu Bulu
bulk-up Buzzwole
bulk-up Marshadow
bulk-up Zeraora
bulk-up Rillaboom
bulk-up Raboot
bulk-up Cinderace
bulk-up Corviknight
bulk-up Boltund
bulk-up Clobbopus
bulk-up Grapploct
bulk-up Grimmsnarl
bulk-up Obstagoon
bulk-up Falinks
bulk-up Kubfu
bulk-up Urshifu
bulk-up Urshifu
bulk-up Zarude
bulldoze Sandshrew
bulldoze Sandslash
bulldoze Diglett
bulldoze Diglett
bulldoze Dugtrio
bulldoze Dugtrio
bulldoze Rhyhorn
bulldoze Rhydon
bulldoze Trapinch
bulldoze Vibrava
bulldoze Flygon
bulldoze Regirock
bulldoze Regice
bulldoze Registeel
bulldoze Gible
bulldoze Gabite
bulldoze Garchomp
bulldoze Rhyperior
bulldoze Landorus
bulldoze Landorus
bulldoze Bunnelby
bulldoze Diggersby
bulldoze Helioptile
bulldoze Heliolisk
bulldoze Zygarde
bulldoze Mudbray
bulldoze Mudsdale
bulldoze Sandygast
bulldoze Palossand
bulldoze Silicobra
bulldoze Sandaconda
bulldoze Cufant
bulldoze Copperajah
bulldoze Venusaur
bulldoze Charizard
bulldoze Blastoise
bulldoze Sandshrew
bulldoze Sandshrew
bulldoze Sandslash
bulldoze Sandslash
bulldoze Nidoqueen
bulldoze Nidoking
bulldoze Diglett
bulldoze Diglett
bulldoze Dugtrio
bulldoze Dugtrio
bulldoze Arcanine
bulldoze Poliwag
bulldoze Poliwhirl
bulldoze Poliwrath
bulldoze Machop
bulldoze Machoke
bulldoze Machamp
bulldoze Slowpoke
bulldoze Slowpoke
bulldoze Slowbro
bulldoze Slowbro
bulldoze Onix
bulldoze Exeggutor
bulldoze Exeggutor
bulldoze Cubone
bulldoze Marowak
bulldoze Marowak
bulldoze Hitmonlee
bulldoze Hitmonchan
bulldoze Lickitung
bulldoze Rhyhorn
bulldoze Rhydon
bulldoze Chansey
bulldoze Kangaskhan
bulldoze Pinsir
bulldoze Tauros
bulldoze Gyarados
bulldoze Lapras
bulldoze Aerodactyl
bulldoze Snorlax
bulldoze Dragonite
bulldoze Mewtwo
bulldoze Mew
bulldoze Azumarill
bulldoze Sudowoodo
bulldoze Politoed
bulldoze Wooper
bulldoze Quagsire
bulldoze Slowking
bulldoze Slowking
bulldoze Dunsparce
bulldoze Steelix
bulldoze Shuckle
bulldoze Heracross
bulldoze Swinub
bulldoze Piloswine
bulldoze Corsola
bulldoze Corsola
bulldoze Mantine
bulldoze Tyrogue
bulldoze Hitmontop
bulldoze Miltank
bulldoze Blissey
bulldoze Raikou
bulldoze Entei
bulldoze Suicune
bulldoze Larvitar
bulldoze Pupitar
bulldoze Tyranitar
bulldoze Lugia
bulldoze Ho-oh
bulldoze Sceptile
bulldoze Blaziken
bulldoze Marshtomp
bulldoze Swampert
bulldoze Loudred
bulldoze Exploud
bulldoze Aron
bulldoze Lairon
bulldoze Aggron
bulldoze Sharpedo
bulldoze Wailmer
bulldoze Wailord
bulldoze Torkoal
bulldoze Trapinch
bulldoze Vibrava
bulldoze Flygon
bulldoze Altaria
bulldoze Lunatone
bulldoze Solrock
bulldoze Barboach
bulldoze Whiscash
bulldoze Baltoy
bulldoze Claydol
bulldoze Cradily
bulldoze Armaldo
bulldoze Milotic
bulldoze Dusclops
bulldoze Glalie
bulldoze Spheal
bulldoze Sealeo
bulldoze Walrein
bulldoze Relicanth
bulldoze Salamence
bulldoze Metang
bulldoze Metagross
bulldoze Regirock
bulldoze Regice
bulldoze Registeel
bulldoze Latias
bulldoze Latios
bulldoze Kyogre
bulldoze Groudon
bulldoze Rayquaza
bulldoze Gastrodon
bulldoze Bronzor
bulldoze Bronzong
bulldoze Gible
bulldoze Gabite
bulldoze Garchomp
bulldoze Munchlax
bulldoze Riolu
bulldoze Lucario
bulldoze Hippopotas
bulldoze Hippowdon
bulldoze Drapion
bulldoze Croagunk
bulldoze Toxicroak
bulldoze Mantyke
bulldoze Abomasnow
bulldoze Lickilicky
bulldoze Rhyperior
bulldoze Tangrowth
bulldoze Electivire
bulldoze Magmortar
bulldoze Mamoswine
bulldoze Gallade
bulldoze Dusknoir
bulldoze Dialga
bulldoze Palkia
bulldoze Heatran
bulldoze Regigigas
bulldoze Giratina
bulldoze Giratina
bulldoze Roggenrola
bulldoze Boldore
bulldoze Gigalith
bulldoze Drilbur
bulldoze Excadrill
bulldoze Conkeldurr
bulldoze Palpitoad
bulldoze Seismitoad
bulldoze Throh
bulldoze Sawk
bulldoze Scolipede
bulldoze Sandile
bulldoze Krokorok
bulldoze Krookodile
bulldoze Darmanitan
bulldoze Darmanitan
bulldoze Dwebble
bulldoze Crustle
bulldoze Tirtouga
bulldoze Carracosta
bulldoze Archen
bulldoze Archeops
bulldoze Ferrothorn
bulldoze Haxorus
bulldoze Beartic
bulldoze Stunfisk
bulldoze Stunfisk
bulldoze Druddigon
bulldoze Golett
bulldoze Golurk
bulldoze Bouffalant
bulldoze Hydreigon
bulldoze Terrakion
bulldoze Landorus
bulldoze Landorus
bulldoze Bunnelby
bulldoze Diggersby
bulldoze Pancham
bulldoze Pangoro
bulldoze Binacle
bulldoze Barbaracle
bulldoze Helioptile
bulldoze Heliolisk
bulldoze Tyrunt
bulldoze Tyrantrum
bulldoze Amaura
bulldoze Aurorus
bulldoze Goodra
bulldoze Phantump
bulldoze Trevenant
bulldoze Avalugg
bulldoze Zygarde
bulldoze Volcanion
bulldoze Incineroar
bulldoze Wishiwashi
bulldoze Mudbray
bulldoze Mudsdale
bulldoze Stufful
bulldoze Bewear
bulldoze Oranguru
bulldoze Passimian
bulldoze Sandygast
bulldoze Palossand
bulldoze Turtonator
bulldoze Drampa
bulldoze Dhelmise
bulldoze Jangmo-o
bulldoze Hakamo-o
bulldoze Kommo-o
bulldoze Solgaleo
bulldoze Buzzwole
bulldoze Celesteela
bulldoze Guzzlord
bulldoze Necrozma
bulldoze Stakataka
bulldoze Rillaboom
bulldoze Drednaw
bulldoze Coalossal
bulldoze Appletun
bulldoze Silicobra
bulldoze Sandaconda
bulldoze Cursola
bulldoze Runerigus
bulldoze Stonjourner
bulldoze Cufant
bulldoze Copperajah
bulldoze Dracozolt
bulldoze Arctozolt
bulldoze Dracovish
bulldoze Glastrier
bulldoze Spectrier
bulldoze Calyrex
bulldoze Calyrex
bullet-punch Hitmonchan
bullet-punch Scizor
bullet-punch Metang
bullet-punch Metagross
bullet-punch Pangoro
bullet-punch Machop
bullet-punch Machoke
bullet-punch Machamp
bullet-punch Hitmonlee
bullet-punch Hitmonchan
bullet-punch Tyrogue
bullet-punch Hitmontop
bullet-punch Riolu
bullet-punch Lucario
bullet-punch Croagunk
bullet-punch Toxicroak
bullet-seed Exeggcute
bullet-seed Exeggutor
bullet-seed Exeggutor
bullet-seed Remoraid
bullet-seed Octillery
bullet-seed Mantine
bullet-seed Cinccino
bullet-seed Pumpkaboo
bullet-seed Gourgeist
bullet-seed Skwovet
bullet-seed Greedent
bullet-seed Appletun
bullet-seed Morpeko
bullet-seed Bulbasaur
bullet-seed Ivysaur
bullet-seed Venusaur
bullet-seed Oddish
bullet-seed Gloom
bullet-seed Vileplume
bullet-seed Exeggcute
bullet-seed Exeggutor
bullet-seed Exeggutor
bullet-seed Tangela
bullet-seed Mew
bullet-seed Bellossom
bullet-seed Heracross
bullet-seed Remoraid
bullet-seed Octillery
bullet-seed Mantine
bullet-seed Treecko
bullet-seed Grovyle
bullet-seed Sceptile
bullet-seed Lotad
bullet-seed Lombre
bullet-seed Ludicolo
bullet-seed Seedot
bullet-seed Nuzleaf
bullet-seed Shiftry
bullet-seed Roselia
bullet-seed Lileep
bullet-seed Cradily
bullet-seed Budew
bullet-seed Roserade
bullet-seed Cherubi
bullet-seed Cherrim
bullet-seed Snover
bullet-seed Abomasnow
bullet-seed Tangrowth
bullet-seed Leafeon
bullet-seed Maractus
bullet-seed Cinccino
bullet-seed Ferroseed
bullet-seed Ferrothorn
bullet-seed Pumpkaboo
bullet-seed Gourgeist
bullet-seed Fomantis
bullet-seed Lurantis
bullet-seed Comfey
bullet-seed Tapu Bulu
bullet-seed Rillaboom
bullet-seed Skwovet
bullet-seed Greedent
bullet-seed Gossifleur
bullet-seed Eldegoss
bullet-seed Flapple
bullet-seed Appletun
bullet-seed Morpeko
bullet-seed Zarude
bullet-seed Calyrex
bullet-seed Calyrex
bullet-seed Calyrex
burn-up Arcanine
burn-up Moltres
burn-up Ho-oh
burn-up Carkol
burn-up Coalossal
burn-up Sizzlipede
burn-up Centiskorch
burning-jealousy Vulpix
burning-jealousy Ninetales
burning-jealousy Persian
burning-jealousy Marowak
burning-jealousy Magmar
burning-jealousy Flareon
burning-jealousy Moltres
burning-jealousy Mew
burning-jealousy Torkoal
burning-jealousy Skuntank
burning-jealousy Spiritomb
burning-jealousy Magmortar
burning-jealousy Heatran
burning-jealousy Liepard
burning-jealousy Darmanitan
burning-jealousy Darmanitan
burning-jealousy Zorua
burning-jealousy Zoroark
burning-jealousy Litwick
burning-jealousy Lampent
burning-jealousy Chandelure
burning-jealousy Heatmor
burning-jealousy Incineroar
burning-jealousy Turtonator
burning-jealousy Mimikyu
burning-jealousy Thievul
burning-jealousy Impidimp
burning-jealousy Morgrem
burning-jealousy Grimmsnarl
burning-jealousy Cursola
buzzy-buzz Eevee
calm-mind Kadabra
calm-mind Alakazam
calm-mind Raikou
calm-mind Entei
calm-mind Suicune
calm-mind Lugia
calm-mind Ho-oh
calm-mind Ralts
calm-mind Kirlia
calm-mind Gardevoir
calm-mind Kyogre
calm-mind Lucario
calm-mind Gallade
calm-mind Munna
calm-mind Musharna
calm-mind Woobat
calm-mind Swoobat
calm-mind Elgyem
calm-mind Beheeyem
calm-mind Mienfoo
calm-mind Mienshao
calm-mind Spritzee
calm-mind Aromatisse
calm-mind Oranguru
calm-mind Blacephalon
calm-mind Orbeetle
calm-mind Hatenna
calm-mind Hattrem
calm-mind Hatterene
calm-mind Indeedee
calm-mind Indeedee
calm-mind Raichu
calm-mind Clefairy
calm-mind Clefable
calm-mind Ninetales
calm-mind Ninetales
calm-mind Psyduck
calm-mind Golduck
calm-mind Abra
calm-mind Kadabra
calm-mind Alakazam
calm-mind Ponyta
calm-mind Rapidash
calm-mind Slowpoke
calm-mind Slowpoke
calm-mind Slowbro
calm-mind Slowbro
calm-mind Exeggutor
calm-mind Chansey
calm-mind Mr. Mime
calm-mind Mr. Mime
calm-mind Jynx
calm-mind Articuno
calm-mind Mewtwo
calm-mind Mew
calm-mind Hoothoot
calm-mind Noctowl
calm-mind Natu
calm-mind Xatu
calm-mind Sudowoodo
calm-mind Espeon
calm-mind Slowking
calm-mind Slowking
calm-mind Dunsparce
calm-mind Sneasel
calm-mind Corsola
calm-mind Corsola
calm-mind Smoochum
calm-mind Blissey
calm-mind Raikou
calm-mind Entei
calm-mind Suicune
calm-mind Lugia
calm-mind Ho-oh
calm-mind Celebi
calm-mind Ralts
calm-mind Kirlia
calm-mind Gardevoir
calm-mind Sableye
calm-mind Lunatone
calm-mind Solrock
calm-mind Baltoy
calm-mind Claydol
calm-mind Duskull
calm-mind Dusclops
calm-mind Absol
calm-mind Relicanth
calm-mind Latias
calm-mind Latios
calm-mind Kyogre
calm-mind Jirachi
calm-mind Drifloon
calm-mind Drifblim
calm-mind Bronzor
calm-mind Bronzong
calm-mind Bonsly
calm-mind Mime Jr.
calm-mind Spiritomb
calm-mind Lucario
calm-mind Weavile
calm-mind Gallade
calm-mind Dusknoir
calm-mind Uxie
calm-mind Mesprit
calm-mind Azelf
calm-mind Giratina
calm-mind Giratina
calm-mind Cresselia
calm-mind Munna
calm-mind Musharna
calm-mind Woobat
calm-mind Swoobat
calm-mind Audino
calm-mind Sigilyph
calm-mind Yamask
calm-mind Yamask
calm-mind Cofagrigus
calm-mind Zorua
calm-mind Zoroark
calm-mind Minccino
calm-mind Cinccino
calm-mind Gothita
calm-mind Gothorita
calm-mind Gothitelle
calm-mind Solosis
calm-mind Duosion
calm-mind Reuniclus
calm-mind Elgyem
calm-mind Beheeyem
calm-mind Litwick
calm-mind Lampent
calm-mind Chandelure
calm-mind Mienfoo
calm-mind Mienshao
calm-mind Larvesta
calm-mind Volcarona
calm-mind Cobalion
calm-mind Terrakion
calm-mind Virizion
calm-mind Landorus
calm-mind Landorus
calm-mind Keldeo
calm-mind Espurr
calm-mind Meowstic
calm-mind Meowstic
calm-mind Spritzee
calm-mind Aromatisse
calm-mind Swirlix
calm-mind Slurpuff
calm-mind Inkay
calm-mind Malamar
calm-mind Amaura
calm-mind Aurorus
calm-mind Sylveon
calm-mind Carbink
calm-mind Klefki
calm-mind Trevenant
calm-mind Xerneas
calm-mind Diancie
calm-mind Primarina
calm-mind Cutiefly
calm-mind Ribombee
calm-mind Comfey
calm-mind Oranguru
calm-mind Drampa
calm-mind Tapu Koko
calm-mind Tapu Lele
calm-mind Tapu Bulu
calm-mind Tapu Fini
calm-mind Solgaleo
calm-mind Lunala
calm-mind Xurkitree
calm-mind Kartana
calm-mind Necrozma
calm-mind Magearna
calm-mind Marshadow
calm-mind Blacephalon
calm-mind Zeraora
calm-mind Dottler
calm-mind Orbeetle
calm-mind Hatenna
calm-mind Hattrem
calm-mind Hatterene
calm-mind Cursola
calm-mind Mr. Rime
calm-mind Runerigus
calm-mind Alcremie
calm-mind Frosmoth
calm-mind Indeedee
calm-mind Indeedee
calm-mind Spectrier
calm-mind Calyrex
calm-mind Calyrex
calm-mind Calyrex
camouflage Staryu
camouflage Kecleon
camouflage Mothim
camouflage Deerling
camouflage Sawsbuck
camouflage Stunfisk
camouflage Skrelp
camouflage Dragalge
camouflage Zygarde
camouflage Marill
camouflage Azumarill
camouflage Corsola
camouflage Azurill
camouflage Kecleon
camouflage Sewaddle
camouflage Swadloon
camouflage Leavanny
camouflage Joltik
camouflage Galvantula
camouflage Froakie
camouflage Frogadier
camouflage Greninja
camouflage Flabébé
camouflage Floette
camouflage Florges
camouflage Inkay
camouflage Malamar
camouflage Helioptile
camouflage Heliolisk
captivate Butterfree
captivate Nidoran♀
captivate Nidorina
captivate Nidoran♂
captivate Nidorino
captivate Vulpix
captivate Vulpix
captivate Meowth
captivate Meowth
captivate Persian
captivate Persian
captivate Stantler
captivate Miltank
captivate Gardevoir
captivate Skitty
captivate Milotic
captivate Gorebyss
captivate Luvdisc
captivate Wormadam
captivate Wormadam
captivate Wormadam
captivate Vespiquen
captivate Glameow
captivate Purugly
captivate Finneon
captivate Lumineon
captivate Froslass
captivate Purrloin
captivate Minccino
captivate Popplio
captivate Brionne
captivate Primarina
captivate Oricorio
captivate Salazzle
captivate Steenee
captivate Tsareena
captivate Vulpix
captivate Ninetales
captivate Jigglypuff
captivate Wigglytuff
captivate Ponyta
captivate Rapidash
captivate Jynx
captivate Eevee
captivate Vaporeon
captivate Jolteon
captivate Flareon
captivate Sentret
captivate Furret
captivate Igglybuff
captivate Espeon
captivate Umbreon
captivate Smoochum
captivate Skitty
captivate Delcatty
captivate Sableye
captivate Mawile
captivate Illumise
captivate Feebas
captivate Milotic
captivate Luvdisc
captivate Spiritomb
captivate Leafeon
captivate Glaceon
captivate Snivy
captivate Servine
captivate Serperior
captivate Woobat
captivate Swoobat
captivate Cottonee
captivate Whimsicott
captivate Zorua
captivate Zoroark
captivate Gothita
captivate Gothorita
captivate Gothitelle
captivate Litwick
captivate Lampent
captivate Chandelure
captivate Flabébé
captivate Floette
captivate Florges
captivate Furfrou
captivate Spritzee
captivate Aromatisse
captivate Sylveon
captivate Oricorio
captivate Bulbasaur
captivate Ivysaur
captivate Venusaur
captivate Charmander
captivate Charmeleon
captivate Charizard
captivate Squirtle
captivate Wartortle
captivate Blastoise
captivate Beedrill
captivate Pidgey
captivate Pidgeotto
captivate Pidgeot
captivate Rattata
captivate Raticate
captivate Spearow
captivate Fearow
captivate Ekans
captivate Arbok
captivate Pikachu
captivate Raichu
captivate Sandshrew
captivate Sandslash
captivate Clefairy
captivate Clefable
captivate Zubat
captivate Golbat
captivate Oddish
captivate Gloom
captivate Vileplume
captivate Paras
captivate Parasect
captivate Venonat
captivate Venomoth
captivate Diglett
captivate Dugtrio
captivate Psyduck
captivate Golduck
captivate Mankey
captivate Primeape
captivate Growlithe
captivate Arcanine
captivate Poliwag
captivate Poliwhirl
captivate Poliwrath
captivate Abra
captivate Kadabra
captivate Alakazam
captivate Machop
captivate Machoke
captivate Machamp
captivate Bellsprout
captivate Weepinbell
captivate Victreebel
captivate Tentacool
captivate Tentacruel
captivate Geodude
captivate Graveler
captivate Golem
captivate Slowpoke
captivate Slowbro
captivate Farfetch'd
captivate Doduo
captivate Dodrio
captivate Seel
captivate Dewgong
captivate Grimer
captivate Muk
captivate Shellder
captivate Cloyster
captivate Gastly
captivate Haunter
captivate Gengar
captivate Onix
captivate Drowzee
captivate Hypno
captivate Krabby
captivate Kingler
captivate Exeggcute
captivate Exeggutor
captivate Cubone
captivate Marowak
captivate Hitmonlee
captivate Hitmonchan
captivate Lickitung
captivate Koffing
captivate Weezing
captivate Rhyhorn
captivate Rhydon
captivate Chansey
captivate Tangela
captivate Kangaskhan
captivate Horsea
captivate Seadra
captivate Goldeen
captivate Seaking
captivate Mr. Mime
captivate Scyther
captivate Electabuzz
captivate Magmar
captivate Pinsir
captivate Tauros
captivate Gyarados
captivate Lapras
captivate Omanyte
captivate Omastar
captivate Kabuto
captivate Kabutops
captivate Aerodactyl
captivate Snorlax
captivate Dratini
captivate Dragonair
captivate Dragonite
captivate Mew
captivate Chikorita
captivate Bayleef
captivate Meganium
captivate Cyndaquil
captivate Quilava
captivate Typhlosion
captivate Totodile
captivate Croconaw
captivate Feraligatr
captivate Hoothoot
captivate Noctowl
captivate Ledyba
captivate Ledian
captivate Spinarak
captivate Ariados
captivate Crobat
captivate Chinchou
captivate Lanturn
captivate Pichu
captivate Cleffa
captivate Togepi
captivate Togetic
captivate Natu
captivate Xatu
captivate Mareep
captivate Flaaffy
captivate Ampharos
captivate Bellossom
captivate Marill
captivate Azumarill
captivate Sudowoodo
captivate Politoed
captivate Hoppip
captivate Skiploom
captivate Jumpluff
captivate Aipom
captivate Sunkern
captivate Sunflora
captivate Yanma
captivate Wooper
captivate Quagsire
captivate Murkrow
captivate Slowking
captivate Misdreavus
captivate Girafarig
captivate Pineco
captivate Forretress
captivate Dunsparce
captivate Gligar
captivate Steelix
captivate Snubbull
captivate Granbull
captivate Qwilfish
captivate Scizor
captivate Shuckle
captivate Heracross
captivate Sneasel
captivate Teddiursa
captivate Ursaring
captivate Slugma
captivate Magcargo
captivate Swinub
captivate Piloswine
captivate Corsola
captivate Remoraid
captivate Octillery
captivate Delibird
captivate Mantine
captivate Skarmory
captivate Houndour
captivate Houndoom
captivate Kingdra
captivate Phanpy
captivate Donphan
captivate Tyrogue
captivate Hitmontop
captivate Elekid
captivate Magby
captivate Blissey
captivate Larvitar
captivate Pupitar
captivate Tyranitar
captivate Treecko
captivate Grovyle
captivate Sceptile
captivate Torchic
captivate Combusken
captivate Blaziken
captivate Mudkip
captivate Marshtomp
captivate Swampert
captivate Poochyena
captivate Mightyena
captivate Zigzagoon
captivate Linoone
captivate Beautifly
captivate Dustox
captivate Lotad
captivate Lombre
captivate Ludicolo
captivate Seedot
captivate Nuzleaf
captivate Shiftry
captivate Taillow
captivate Swellow
captivate Wingull
captivate Pelipper
captivate Ralts
captivate Kirlia
captivate Surskit
captivate Masquerain
captivate Shroomish
captivate Breloom
captivate Slakoth
captivate Vigoroth
captivate Slaking
captivate Ninjask
captivate Whismur
captivate Loudred
captivate Exploud
captivate Makuhita
captivate Hariyama
captivate Azurill
captivate Nosepass
captivate Aron
captivate Lairon
captivate Aggron
captivate Meditite
captivate Medicham
captivate Electrike
captivate Manectric
captivate Plusle
captivate Minun
captivate Volbeat
captivate Roselia
captivate Gulpin
captivate Swalot
captivate Carvanha
captivate Sharpedo
captivate Wailmer
captivate Wailord
captivate Numel
captivate Camerupt
captivate Torkoal
captivate Spoink
captivate Grumpig
captivate Spinda
captivate Trapinch
captivate Vibrava
captivate Flygon
captivate Cacnea
captivate Cacturne
captivate Swablu
captivate Altaria
captivate Zangoose
captivate Seviper
captivate Barboach
captivate Whiscash
captivate Corphish
captivate Crawdaunt
captivate Lileep
captivate Cradily
captivate Anorith
captivate Armaldo
captivate Castform
captivate Kecleon
captivate Shuppet
captivate Banette
captivate Duskull
captivate Dusclops
captivate Tropius
captivate Chimecho
captivate Absol
captivate Snorunt
captivate Glalie
captivate Spheal
captivate Sealeo
captivate Walrein
captivate Clamperl
captivate Huntail
captivate Relicanth
captivate Bagon
captivate Shelgon
captivate Salamence
captivate Latias
captivate Latios
captivate Turtwig
captivate Grotle
captivate Torterra
captivate Chimchar
captivate Monferno
captivate Infernape
captivate Piplup
captivate Prinplup
captivate Empoleon
captivate Starly
captivate Staravia
captivate Staraptor
captivate Bidoof
captivate Bibarel
captivate Kricketune
captivate Shinx
captivate Luxio
captivate Luxray
captivate Budew
captivate Roserade
captivate Cranidos
captivate Rampardos
captivate Shieldon
captivate Bastiodon
captivate Mothim
captivate Pachirisu
captivate Buizel
captivate Floatzel
captivate Cherubi
captivate Cherrim
captivate Shellos
captivate Gastrodon
captivate Ambipom
captivate Drifloon
captivate Drifblim
captivate Buneary
captivate Lopunny
captivate Mismagius
captivate Honchkrow
captivate Chingling
captivate Stunky
captivate Skuntank
captivate Bonsly
captivate Mime Jr.
captivate Happiny
captivate Chatot
captivate Gible
captivate Gabite
captivate Garchomp
captivate Munchlax
captivate Riolu
captivate Lucario
captivate Hippopotas
captivate Hippowdon
captivate Skorupi
captivate Drapion
captivate Croagunk
captivate Toxicroak
captivate Carnivine
captivate Mantyke
captivate Snover
captivate Abomasnow
captivate Weavile
captivate Lickilicky
captivate Rhyperior
captivate Tangrowth
captivate Electivire
captivate Magmortar
captivate Togekiss
captivate Yanmega
captivate Gliscor
captivate Mamoswine
captivate Gallade
captivate Probopass
captivate Dusknoir
captivate Heatran
captivate Cresselia
ceaseless-edge Samurott
charge Electabuzz
charge Zapdos
charge Chinchou
charge Lanturn
charge Elekid
charge Raikou
charge Electrike
charge Manectric
charge Shinx
charge Luxio
charge Luxray
charge Electivire
charge Rotom
charge Rotom
charge Rotom
charge Rotom
charge Rotom
charge Rotom
charge Emolga
charge Klink
charge Klang
charge Klinklang
charge Stunfisk
charge Thundurus
charge Thundurus
charge Helioptile
charge Heliolisk
charge Dedenne
charge Charjabug
charge Vikavolt
charge Togedemaru
charge Tapu Koko
charge Xurkitree
charge Zeraora
charge Yamper
charge Boltund
charge Toxtricity
charge Toxtricity
charge Pincurchin
charge Dracozolt
charge Arctozolt
charge Pikachu
charge Raichu
charge Raichu
charge Pichu
charge Morpeko
charge-beam Regirock
charge-beam Regice
charge-beam Registeel
charge-beam Klink
charge-beam Klang
charge-beam Klinklang
charge-beam Meowstic
charge-beam Necrozma
charm Pikachu
charm Raichu
charm Raichu
charm Clefairy
charm Clefable
charm Jigglypuff
charm Wigglytuff
charm Chansey
charm Eevee
charm Vaporeon
charm Jolteon
charm Flareon
charm Pichu
charm Cleffa
charm Igglybuff
charm Togepi
charm Togetic
charm Marill
charm Azumarill
charm Espeon
charm Umbreon
charm Wobbuffet
charm Miltank
charm Blissey
charm Ralts
charm Kirlia
charm Gardevoir
charm Azurill
charm Wynaut
charm Latias
charm Buneary
charm Lopunny
charm Happiny
charm Togekiss
charm Leafeon
charm Glaceon
charm Gallade
charm Mesprit
charm Cottonee
charm Whimsicott
charm Minccino
charm Cinccino
charm Gothita
charm Gothorita
charm Gothitelle
charm Solosis
charm Duosion
charm Reuniclus
charm Cubchoo
charm Beartic
charm Meowstic
charm Spritzee
charm Aromatisse
charm Tyrunt
charm Tyrantrum
charm Sylveon
charm Dedenne
charm Mimikyu
charm Poipole
charm Naganadel
charm Yamper
charm Boltund
charm Bulbasaur
charm Ivysaur
charm Venusaur
charm Pikachu
charm Raichu
charm Raichu
charm Nidoran♀
charm Nidorina
charm Nidoqueen
charm Clefairy
charm Clefable
charm Vulpix
charm Ninetales
charm Jigglypuff
charm Wigglytuff
charm Oddish
charm Gloom
charm Vileplume
charm Meowth
charm Meowth
charm Persian
charm Persian
charm Ponyta
charm Ponyta
charm Rapidash
charm Rapidash
charm Chansey
charm Mr. Mime
charm Mr. Mime
charm Jynx
charm Lapras
charm Eevee
charm Vaporeon
charm Jolteon
charm Flareon
charm Snorlax
charm Mew
charm Pichu
charm Cleffa
charm Igglybuff
charm Togepi
charm Togetic
charm Bellossom
charm Marill
charm Azumarill
charm Espeon
charm Umbreon
charm Wobbuffet
charm Smoochum
charm Miltank
charm Blissey
charm Zigzagoon
charm Linoone
charm Ralts
charm Kirlia
charm Gardevoir
charm Azurill
charm Wynaut
charm Latias
charm Jirachi
charm Buneary
charm Lopunny
charm Mime Jr.
charm Happiny
charm Munchlax
charm Togekiss
charm Leafeon
charm Glaceon
charm Gallade
charm Froslass
charm Mesprit
charm Lillipup
charm Herdier
charm Stoutland
charm Purrloin
charm Liepard
charm Woobat
charm Swoobat
charm Cottonee
charm Whimsicott
charm Petilil
charm Lilligant
charm Minccino
charm Cinccino
charm Gothita
charm Gothorita
charm Gothitelle
charm Solosis
charm Duosion
charm Reuniclus
charm Emolga
charm Cubchoo
charm Beartic
charm Meowstic
charm Meowstic
charm Spritzee
charm Aromatisse
charm Swirlix
charm Slurpuff
charm Tyrunt
charm Tyrantrum
charm Sylveon
charm Dedenne
charm Carbink
charm Diancie
charm Popplio
charm Brionne
charm Primarina
charm Cutiefly
charm Ribombee
charm Stufful
charm Bewear
charm Bounsweet
charm Steenee
charm Tsareena
charm Comfey
charm Mimikyu
charm Tapu Lele
charm Poipole
charm Naganadel
charm Gossifleur
charm Eldegoss
charm Yamper
charm Boltund
charm Hatenna
charm Hattrem
charm Hatterene
charm Mr. Rime
charm Milcery
charm Alcremie
chatter Chatot
chatter Chatot
chip-away Nidoqueen
chip-away Nidoking
chip-away Lickitung
chip-away Rhyhorn
chip-away Rhydon
chip-away Kangaskhan
chip-away Snorlax
chip-away Totodile
chip-away Croconaw
chip-away Feraligatr
chip-away Heracross
chip-away Larvitar
chip-away Pupitar
chip-away Tyranitar
chip-away Slakoth
chip-away Vigoroth
chip-away Slaking
chip-away Cranidos
chip-away Rampardos
chip-away Munchlax
chip-away Lickilicky
chip-away Rhyperior
chip-away Timburr
chip-away Gurdurr
chip-away Conkeldurr
chip-away Basculin
chip-away Scraggy
chip-away Scrafty
chip-away Druddigon
chip-away Sandshrew
chip-away Sandshrew
chip-away Sandslash
chip-away Sandslash
chip-away Nidoran♀
chip-away Nidorina
chip-away Nidoqueen
chip-away Nidoran♂
chip-away Nidorino
chip-away Nidoking
chip-away Krabby
chip-away Kingler
chip-away Cubone
chip-away Marowak
chip-away Marowak
chip-away Teddiursa
chip-away Ursaring
chip-away Makuhita
chip-away Hariyama
chip-away Corphish
chip-away Crawdaunt
chloroblast Electrode
circle-throw Poliwrath
circle-throw Throh
circle-throw Pancham
circle-throw Pangoro
circle-throw Kangaskhan
circle-throw Whismur
circle-throw Loudred
circle-throw Exploud
circle-throw Buneary
circle-throw Lopunny
circle-throw Riolu
circle-throw Lucario
circle-throw Clobbopus
circle-throw Grapploct
clamp Shellder
clamp Clamperl
clamp Binacle
clamp Barbaracle
clanging-scales Kommo-o
clangorous-soul Kommo-o
clear-smog Koffing
clear-smog Weezing
clear-smog Weezing
clear-smog Magmar
clear-smog Magby
clear-smog Torkoal
clear-smog Magmortar
clear-smog Trubbish
clear-smog Garbodor
clear-smog Foongus
clear-smog Amoonguss
clear-smog Nihilego
clear-smog Psyduck
clear-smog Golduck
clear-smog Gastly
clear-smog Haunter
clear-smog Gengar
clear-smog Horsea
clear-smog Seadra
clear-smog Kingdra
clear-smog Shellos
clear-smog Gastrodon
clear-smog Drifloon
clear-smog Drifblim
clear-smog Litwick
clear-smog Lampent
clear-smog Chandelure
close-combat Hitmonlee
close-combat Hitmonchan
close-combat Zapdos
close-combat Heracross
close-combat Hitmontop
close-combat Lucario
close-combat Gallade
close-combat Sawk
close-combat Cobalion
close-combat Terrakion
close-combat Virizion
close-combat Keldeo
close-combat Xerneas
close-combat Passimian
close-combat Hakamo-o
close-combat Kommo-o
close-combat Marshadow
close-combat Zeraora
close-combat Falinks
close-combat Zacian
close-combat Zamazenta
close-combat Kubfu
close-combat Urshifu
close-combat Urshifu
close-combat Growlithe
close-combat Arcanine
close-combat Poliwrath
close-combat Machop
close-combat Machoke
close-combat Machamp
close-combat Farfetch'd
close-combat Farfetch'd
close-combat Hitmonlee
close-combat Hitmonchan
close-combat Pinsir
close-combat Tauros
close-combat Zapdos
close-combat Mew
close-combat Heracross
close-combat Hitmontop
close-combat Blaziken
close-combat Sharpedo
close-combat Crawdaunt
close-combat Absol
close-combat Lopunny
close-combat Lucario
close-combat Gallade
close-combat Gurdurr
close-combat Conkeldurr
close-combat Sawk
close-combat Krookodile
close-combat Scrafty
close-combat Escavalier
close-combat Haxorus
close-combat Mienfoo
close-combat Mienshao
close-combat Golurk
close-combat Bouffalant
close-combat Rufflet
close-combat Braviary
close-combat Cobalion
close-combat Terrakion
close-combat Virizion
close-combat Keldeo
close-combat Pangoro
close-combat Honedge
close-combat Doublade
close-combat Aegislash
close-combat Aegislash
close-combat Tyrunt
close-combat Tyrantrum
close-combat Hawlucha
close-combat Xerneas
close-combat Incineroar
close-combat Lycanroc
close-combat Lycanroc
close-combat Lycanroc
close-combat Mudbray
close-combat Mudsdale
close-combat Bewear
close-combat Passimian
close-combat Golisopod
close-combat Hakamo-o
close-combat Kommo-o
close-combat Tapu Bulu
close-combat Solgaleo
close-combat Buzzwole
close-combat Pheromosa
close-combat Marshadow
close-combat Zeraora
close-combat Arrokuda
close-combat Barraskewda
close-combat Clobbopus
close-combat Grapploct
close-combat Obstagoon
close-combat Perrserker
close-combat Sirfetch'd
close-combat Falinks
close-combat Zacian
close-combat Zamazenta
close-combat Kubfu
close-combat Urshifu
close-combat Urshifu
close-combat Zarude
close-combat Glastrier
close-combat Calyrex
coaching Poliwrath
coaching Machop
coaching Machoke
coaching Machamp
coaching Hitmonlee
coaching Hitmonchan
coaching Zapdos
coaching Mew
coaching Heracross
coaching Hitmontop
coaching Combusken
coaching Blaziken
coaching Riolu
coaching Lucario
coaching Croagunk
coaching Toxicroak
coaching Gallade
coaching Timburr
coaching Gurdurr
coaching Conkeldurr
coaching Throh
coaching Sawk
coaching Scraggy
coaching Scrafty
coaching Mienfoo
coaching Mienshao
coaching Cobalion
coaching Terrakion
coaching Virizion
coaching Keldeo
coaching Pancham
coaching Pangoro
coaching Hawlucha
coaching Stufful
coaching Bewear
coaching Passimian
coaching Hakamo-o
coaching Kommo-o
coaching Buzzwole
coaching Pheromosa
coaching Marshadow
coaching Zeraora
coaching Cinderace
coaching Clobbopus
coaching Grapploct
coaching Sirfetch'd
coaching Falinks
coaching Zamazenta
coaching Kubfu
coaching Urshifu
coaching Urshifu
coil Dunsparce
coil Milotic
coil Zygarde
coil Silicobra
coil Sandaconda
coil Sizzlipede
coil Centiskorch
comet-punch Hitmonchan
comet-punch Kangaskhan
comet-punch Ledyba
comet-punch Ledian
comet-punch Pancham
comet-punch Pangoro
comet-punch Buzzwole
comet-punch Timburr
comet-punch Gurdurr
comet-punch Conkeldurr
confide Impidimp
confide Morgrem
confide Grimmsnarl
confuse-ray Vulpix
confuse-ray Vulpix
confuse-ray Ninetales
confuse-ray Ninetales
confuse-ray Zubat
confuse-ray Golbat
confuse-ray Gastly
confuse-ray Haunter
confuse-ray Gengar
confuse-ray Staryu
confuse-ray Starmie
confuse-ray Magmar
confuse-ray Lapras
confuse-ray Crobat
confuse-ray Chinchou
confuse-ray Lanturn
confuse-ray Natu
confuse-ray Xatu
confuse-ray Umbreon
confuse-ray Magby
confuse-ray Shedinja
confuse-ray Sableye
confuse-ray Lileep
confuse-ray Cradily
confuse-ray Duskull
confuse-ray Dusclops
confuse-ray Vespiquen
confuse-ray Bronzor
confuse-ray Bronzong
confuse-ray Spiritomb
confuse-ray Magmortar
confuse-ray Dusknoir
confuse-ray Froslass
confuse-ray Rotom
confuse-ray Rotom
confuse-ray Rotom
confuse-ray Rotom
confuse-ray Rotom
confuse-ray Rotom
confuse-ray Regigigas
confuse-ray Litwick
confuse-ray Lampent
confuse-ray Chandelure
confuse-ray Cryogonal
confuse-ray Phantump
confuse-ray Trevenant
confuse-ray Pumpkaboo
confuse-ray Gourgeist
confuse-ray Morelull
confuse-ray Shiinotic
confuse-ray Lunala
confuse-ray Blacephalon
confuse-ray Orbeetle
confuse-ray Eternatus
confuse-ray Spectrier
confuse-ray Calyrex
confuse-ray Psyduck
confuse-ray Golduck
confuse-ray Tentacool
confuse-ray Tentacruel
confuse-ray Mr. Mime
confuse-ray Mr. Mime
confuse-ray Kabuto
confuse-ray Corsola
confuse-ray Corsola
confuse-ray Mantine
confuse-ray Ralts
confuse-ray Kirlia
confuse-ray Gardevoir
confuse-ray Feebas
confuse-ray Milotic
confuse-ray Mime Jr.
confuse-ray Skorupi
confuse-ray Drapion
confuse-ray Mantyke
confuse-ray Gallade
confuse-ray Solosis
confuse-ray Duosion
confuse-ray Reuniclus
confuse-ray Frillish
confuse-ray Jellicent
confuse-ray Rowlet
confuse-ray Dartrix
confuse-ray Decidueye
confuse-ray Cursola
confuse-ray Mr. Rime
confuse-ray Dreepy
confuse-ray Drakloak
confuse-ray Dragapult
confusion Butterfree
confusion Psyduck
confusion Golduck
confusion Kadabra
confusion Alakazam
confusion Ponyta
confusion Rapidash
confusion Slowpoke
confusion Slowpoke
confusion Slowbro
confusion Slowbro
confusion Exeggcute
confusion Exeggutor
confusion Exeggutor
confusion Mr. Mime
confusion Mr. Mime
confusion Jynx
confusion Articuno
confusion Mewtwo
confusion Hoothoot
confusion Noctowl
confusion Espeon
confusion Slowking
confusion Slowking
confusion Smoochum
confusion Celebi
confusion Ralts
confusion Kirlia
confusion Gardevoir
confusion Lunatone
confusion Solrock
confusion Baltoy
confusion Claydol
confusion Metang
confusion Metagross
confusion Latias
confusion Latios
confusion Jirachi
confusion Bronzor
confusion Bronzong
confusion Mime Jr.
confusion Gallade
confusion Uxie
confusion Mesprit
confusion Azelf
confusion Cresselia
confusion Victini
confusion Woobat
confusion Swoobat
confusion Sigilyph
confusion Gothita
confusion Gothorita
confusion Gothitelle
confusion Solosis
confusion Duosion
confusion Reuniclus
confusion Elgyem
confusion Beheeyem
confusion Espurr
confusion Meowstic
confusion Meowstic
confusion Oranguru
confusion Tapu Lele
confusion Lunala
confusion Necrozma
confusion Dottler
confusion Orbeetle
confusion Hatenna
confusion Hattrem
confusion Hatterene
confusion Mr. Rime
confusion Calyrex
confusion Calyrex
confusion Calyrex
confusion Nidoran♂
confusion Abra
confusion Kadabra
confusion Alakazam
confusion Tangela
confusion Tangrowth
constrict Tentacool
constrict Tentacruel
constrict Tentacruel
constrict Tangela
constrict Omanyte
constrict Omastar
constrict Spinarak
constrict Ariados
constrict Shuckle
constrict Octillery
constrict Octillery
constrict Lileep
constrict Cradily
constrict Drifloon
constrict Drifblim
constrict Tangrowth
constrict Inkay
constrict Malamar
constrict Nihilego
constrict Frillish
constrict Jellicent
conversion Porygon
conversion Porygon2
conversion Porygon-Z
conversion-2 Porygon
conversion-2 Porygon2
conversion-2 Porygon-Z
copycat Clefairy
copycat Clefable
copycat Jigglypuff
copycat Wigglytuff
copycat Chansey
copycat Mr. Mime
copycat Mr. Mime
copycat Jynx
copycat Eevee
copycat Vaporeon
copycat Jolteon
copycat Flareon
copycat Cleffa
copycat Igglybuff
copycat Sudowoodo
copycat Espeon
copycat Umbreon
copycat Smoochum
copycat Blissey
copycat Bonsly
copycat Mime Jr.
copycat Happiny
copycat Riolu
copycat Lucario
copycat Leafeon
copycat Glaceon
copycat Mesprit
copycat Sylveon
copycat Mimikyu
copycat Marshadow
copycat Wooloo
copycat Dubwool
copycat Mr. Rime
copycat Marill
copycat Azumarill
copycat Azurill
copycat Buneary
copycat Lopunny
copycat Purrloin
copycat Liepard
copycat Zorua
copycat Zoroark
copycat Swirlix
copycat Slurpuff
core-enforcer Zygarde
corrosive-gas Vileplume
corrosive-gas Tentacruel
corrosive-gas Gastly
corrosive-gas Haunter
corrosive-gas Gengar
corrosive-gas Koffing
corrosive-gas Weezing
corrosive-gas Weezing
corrosive-gas Mew
corrosive-gas Stunky
corrosive-gas Skuntank
corrosive-gas Toxicroak
corrosive-gas Trubbish
corrosive-gas Garbodor
corrosive-gas Salazzle
corrosive-gas Nihilego
corrosive-gas Guzzlord
cosmic-power Clefairy
cosmic-power Clefable
cosmic-power Staryu
cosmic-power Starmie
cosmic-power Lunatone
cosmic-power Solrock
cosmic-power Baltoy
cosmic-power Claydol
cosmic-power Jirachi
cosmic-power Sigilyph
cosmic-power Cosmoem
cosmic-power Solgaleo
cosmic-power Lunala
cosmic-power Eternatus
cosmic-power Clefairy
cosmic-power Clefable
cosmic-power Staryu
cosmic-power Starmie
cosmic-power Mew
cosmic-power Natu
cosmic-power Xatu
cosmic-power Lunatone
cosmic-power Solrock
cosmic-power Baltoy
cosmic-power Claydol
cosmic-power Metang
cosmic-power Metagross
cosmic-power Rayquaza
cosmic-power Jirachi
cosmic-power Buneary
cosmic-power Lopunny
cosmic-power Sigilyph
cosmic-power Gothitelle
cosmic-power Elgyem
cosmic-power Beheeyem
cosmic-power Cosmoem
cosmic-power Solgaleo
cosmic-power Lunala
cosmic-power Necrozma
cosmic-power Eternatus
cotton-guard Swablu
cotton-guard Altaria
cotton-guard Cottonee
cotton-guard Whimsicott
cotton-guard Maractus
cotton-guard Swirlix
cotton-guard Slurpuff
cotton-guard Eldegoss
cotton-guard Wooloo
cotton-guard Dubwool
cotton-guard Bouffalant
cotton-spore Cottonee
cotton-spore Whimsicott
cotton-spore Maractus
cotton-spore Swirlix
cotton-spore Slurpuff
cotton-spore Eldegoss
cotton-spore Roselia
cotton-spore Budew
cotton-spore Roserade
counter Hitmonchan
counter Zapdos
counter Sudowoodo
counter Wobbuffet
counter Heracross
counter Hitmontop
counter Zigzagoon
counter Linoone
counter Wynaut
counter Bonsly
counter Riolu
counter Lucario
counter Sawk
counter Lycanroc
counter Lycanroc
counter Mudbray
counter Mudsdale
counter Pyukumuku
counter Buzzwole
counter Marshadow
counter Scorbunny
counter Raboot
counter Cinderace
counter Skwovet
counter Greedent
counter Chewtle
counter Drednaw
counter Obstagoon
counter Falinks
counter Kubfu
counter Urshifu
counter Urshifu
counter Charmander
counter Charmeleon
counter Charizard
counter Sandshrew
counter Sandshrew
counter Sandslash
counter Sandslash
counter Nidoran♀
counter Nidoran♂
counter Machop
counter Machoke
counter Machamp
counter Farfetch'd
counter Hitmonlee
counter Hitmonchan
counter Rhyhorn
counter Rhydon
counter Kangaskhan
counter Scyther
counter Snorlax
counter Wooper
counter Quagsire
counter Scizor
counter Sneasel
counter Delibird
counter Tyrogue
counter Hitmontop
counter Torchic
counter Mudkip
counter Lotad
counter Lombre
counter Ludicolo
counter Shellos
counter Gastrodon
counter Munchlax
counter Croagunk
counter Toxicroak
counter Weavile
counter Rhyperior
counter Timburr
counter Gurdurr
counter Conkeldurr
counter Sandile
counter Krokorok
counter Krookodile
counter Dwebble
counter Crustle
counter Scraggy
counter Scrafty
counter Zorua
counter Zoroark
counter Karrablast
counter Escavalier
counter Axew
counter Fraxure
counter Haxorus
counter Stunfisk
counter Goomy
counter Sliggoo
counter Goodra
counter Passimian
counter Jangmo-o
counter Hakamo-o
counter Kommo-o
counter Wooloo
counter Dubwool
counter Sirfetch'd
court-change Cinderace
covet Jigglypuff
covet Wigglytuff
covet Chansey
covet Jynx
covet Eevee
covet Vaporeon
covet Jolteon
covet Flareon
covet Snorlax
covet Espeon
covet Umbreon
covet Smoochum
covet Blissey
covet Zigzagoon
covet Linoone
covet Happiny
covet Munchlax
covet Leafeon
covet Glaceon
covet Espurr
covet Meowstic
covet Meowstic
covet Sylveon
covet Ribombee
covet Greedent
covet Jigglypuff
covet Wigglytuff
covet Meowth
covet Meowth
covet Meowth
covet Persian
covet Persian
covet Growlithe
covet Arcanine
covet Farfetch'd
covet Farfetch'd
covet Igglybuff
covet Shuckle
covet Lillipup
covet Herdier
covet Stoutland
covet Purrloin
covet Liepard
covet Emolga
covet Dedenne
covet Perrserker
covet Sirfetch'd
crabhammer Krabby
crabhammer Kingler
crabhammer Corphish
crabhammer Crawdaunt
crabhammer Clauncher
crabhammer Clawitzer
crafty-shield Yamask
crafty-shield Yamask
crafty-shield Cofagrigus
crafty-shield Klefki
crafty-shield Magearna
crafty-shield Runerigus
cross-chop Machop
cross-chop Machoke
cross-chop Machamp
cross-chop Binacle
cross-chop Barbaracle
cross-chop Incineroar
cross-chop Obstagoon
cross-chop Psyduck
cross-chop Golduck
cross-chop Elekid
cross-chop Magby
cross-chop Riolu
cross-chop Lucario
cross-chop Croagunk
cross-chop Toxicroak
cross-chop Hawlucha
cross-poison Crobat
cross-poison Skorupi
cross-poison Drapion
cross-poison Eternatus
cross-poison Machamp
cross-poison Tentacool
cross-poison Tentacruel
cross-poison Scyther
cross-poison Kabutops
cross-poison Mew
cross-poison Crobat
cross-poison Scizor
cross-poison Sceptile
cross-poison Anorith
cross-poison Armaldo
cross-poison Vespiquen
cross-poison Skorupi
cross-poison Drapion
cross-poison Toxicroak
cross-poison Scolipede
cross-poison Garbodor
cross-poison Joltik
cross-poison Galvantula
cross-poison Toxapex
cross-poison Lurantis
cross-poison Salazzle
cross-poison Nihilego
cross-poison Naganadel
cross-poison Obstagoon
cross-poison Eternatus
crunch Nidoran♀
crunch Nidorina
crunch Nidoqueen
crunch Growlithe
crunch Arcanine
crunch Kangaskhan
crunch Gyarados
crunch Omastar
crunch Aerodactyl
crunch Snorlax
crunch Steelix
crunch Raikou
crunch Entei
crunch Suicune
crunch Larvitar
crunch Pupitar
crunch Tyranitar
crunch Exploud
crunch Mawile
crunch Carvanha
crunch Sharpedo
crunch Trapinch
crunch Vibrava
crunch Flygon
crunch Corphish
crunch Crawdaunt
crunch Snorunt
crunch Glalie
crunch Walrein
crunch Bagon
crunch Shelgon
crunch Salamence
crunch Rayquaza
crunch Shinx
crunch Luxio
crunch Luxray
crunch Garchomp
crunch Hippopotas
crunch Hippowdon
crunch Skorupi
crunch Drapion
crunch Froslass
crunch Heatran
crunch Lillipup
crunch Herdier
crunch Stoutland
crunch Basculin
crunch Sandile
crunch Krokorok
crunch Krookodile
crunch Scraggy
crunch Scrafty
crunch Tirtouga
crunch Carracosta
crunch Archen
crunch Archeops
crunch Axew
crunch Fraxure
crunch Haxorus
crunch Druddigon
crunch Durant
crunch Deino
crunch Zweilous
crunch Hydreigon
crunch Tornadus
crunch Tornadus
crunch Thundurus
crunch Thundurus
crunch Reshiram
crunch Zekrom
crunch Pancham
crunch Pangoro
crunch Tyrunt
crunch Tyrantrum
crunch Bergmite
crunch Avalugg
crunch Zygarde
crunch Grubbin
crunch Charjabug
crunch Vikavolt
crunch Rockruff
crunch Lycanroc
crunch Lycanroc
crunch Lycanroc
crunch Dewpider
crunch Araquanid
crunch Silvally
crunch Solgaleo
crunch Guzzlord
crunch Drednaw
crunch Yamper
crunch Boltund
crunch Arrokuda
crunch Barraskewda
crunch Sizzlipede
crunch Centiskorch
crunch Morpeko
crunch Dracovish
crunch Arctovish
crunch Zacian
crunch Zamazenta
crunch Regidrago
crunch Charmander
crunch Charmeleon
crunch Charizard
crunch Blastoise
crunch Nidoran♀
crunch Nidorina
crunch Nidoqueen
crunch Zubat
crunch Golbat
crunch Meowth
crunch Growlithe
crunch Arcanine
crunch Rhyhorn
crunch Rhydon
crunch Kangaskhan
crunch Gyarados
crunch Omastar
crunch Aerodactyl
crunch Snorlax
crunch Mew
crunch Crobat
crunch Umbreon
crunch Steelix
crunch Raikou
crunch Entei
crunch Suicune
crunch Larvitar
crunch Pupitar
crunch Tyranitar
crunch Treecko
crunch Grovyle
crunch Sceptile
crunch Exploud
crunch Mawile
crunch Aggron
crunch Electrike
crunch Manectric
crunch Carvanha
crunch Sharpedo
crunch Trapinch
crunch Vibrava
crunch Flygon
crunch Corphish
crunch Crawdaunt
crunch Snorunt
crunch Glalie
crunch Walrein
crunch Bagon
crunch Shelgon
crunch Salamence
crunch Rayquaza
crunch Shinx
crunch Luxio
crunch Luxray
crunch Stunky
crunch Skuntank
crunch Garchomp
crunch Riolu
crunch Lucario
crunch Hippopotas
crunch Hippowdon
crunch Skorupi
crunch Drapion
crunch Rhyperior
crunch Froslass
crunch Heatran
crunch Lillipup
crunch Herdier
crunch Stoutland
crunch Basculin
crunch Sandile
crunch Krokorok
crunch Krookodile
crunch Scraggy
crunch Scrafty
crunch Tirtouga
crunch Carracosta
crunch Archen
crunch Archeops
crunch Axew
crunch Fraxure
crunch Haxorus
crunch Stunfisk
crunch Druddigon
crunch Durant
crunch Deino
crunch Zweilous
crunch Hydreigon
crunch Tornadus
crunch Tornadus
crunch Thundurus
crunch Thundurus
crunch Reshiram
crunch Zekrom
crunch Pancham
crunch Pangoro
crunch Tyrunt
crunch Tyrantrum
crunch Bergmite
crunch Avalugg
crunch Zygarde
crunch Litten
crunch Torracat
crunch Incineroar
crunch Grubbin
crunch Charjabug
crunch Vikavolt
crunch Rockruff
crunch Lycanroc
crunch Lycanroc
crunch Lycanroc
crunch Dewpider
crunch Araquanid
crunch Silvally
crunch Solgaleo
crunch Guzzlord
crunch Skwovet
crunch Greedent
crunch Thievul
crunch Drednaw
crunch Yamper
crunch Boltund
crunch Arrokuda
crunch Barraskewda
crunch Sizzlipede
crunch Centiskorch
crunch Grimmsnarl
crunch Perrserker
crunch Morpeko
crunch Dracovish
crunch Arctovish
crunch Zacian
crunch Zamazenta
crunch Urshifu
crunch Zarude
crunch Regidrago
crunch Glastrier
crunch Spectrier
crunch Calyrex
crunch Calyrex
crush-claw Sandslash
crush-claw Anorith
crush-claw Armaldo
crush-claw Drilbur
crush-claw Excadrill
crush-claw Rufflet
crush-claw Braviary
crush-claw Lycanroc
crush-claw Type: Null
crush-claw Silvally
crush-claw Sandshrew
crush-claw Sandslash
crush-claw Torchic
crush-grip Regigigas
curse Slowpoke
curse Slowpoke
curse Slowbro
curse Slowbro
curse Gastly
curse Haunter
curse Gengar
curse Onix
curse Slowking
curse Slowking
curse Steelix
curse Corsola
curse Torkoal
curse Duskull
curse Dusclops
curse Regirock
curse Regice
curse Registeel
curse Spiritomb
curse Dusknoir
curse Yamask
curse Yamask
curse Cofagrigus
curse Tirtouga
curse Carracosta
curse Ferroseed
curse Ferrothorn
curse Litwick
curse Lampent
curse Chandelure
curse Shelmet
curse Accelgor
curse Golett
curse Golurk
curse Goomy
curse Sliggoo
curse Goodra
curse Phantump
curse Trevenant
curse Bergmite
curse Avalugg
curse Pyukumuku
curse Appletun
curse Polteageist
curse Cursola
curse Runerigus
curse Pincurchin
curse Bulbasaur
curse Ivysaur
curse Venusaur
curse Sandshrew
curse Sandslash
curse Zubat
curse Meowth
curse Farfetch'd
curse Farfetch'd
curse Exeggcute
curse Exeggutor
curse Exeggutor
curse Cubone
curse Marowak
curse Marowak
curse Lickitung
curse Koffing
curse Weezing
curse Weezing
curse Rhyhorn
curse Rhydon
curse Lapras
curse Eevee
curse Vaporeon
curse Jolteon
curse Flareon
curse Aerodactyl
curse Snorlax
curse Sudowoodo
curse Wooper
curse Quagsire
curse Espeon
curse Umbreon
curse Dunsparce
curse Swinub
curse Piloswine
curse Corsola
curse Skarmory
curse Miltank
curse Larvitar
curse Pupitar
curse Tyranitar
curse Torchic
curse Mudkip
curse Aron
curse Electrike
curse Manectric
curse Wailmer
curse Wailord
curse Lileep
curse Anorith
curse Absol
curse Spheal
curse Shellos
curse Gastrodon
curse Bonsly
curse Munchlax
curse Hippopotas
curse Hippowdon
curse Lickilicky
curse Rhyperior
curse Leafeon
curse Glaceon
curse Mamoswine
curse Munna
curse Musharna
curse Roggenrola
curse Boldore
curse Gigalith
curse Dwebble
curse Crustle
curse Trubbish
curse Garbodor
curse Stunfisk
curse Stunfisk
curse Heatmor
curse Tyrunt
curse Sylveon
curse Pumpkaboo
curse Gourgeist
curse Sandygast
curse Palossand
curse Turtonator
curse Mimikyu
curse Perrserker
curse Sirfetch'd
curse Stonjourner
curse Cufant
curse Copperajah
curse Dreepy
curse Drakloak
curse Dragapult
cut Farfetch'd
cut Kartana
dark-pulse Gastly
dark-pulse Haunter
dark-pulse Gengar
dark-pulse Umbreon
dark-pulse Larvitar
dark-pulse Pupitar
dark-pulse Tyranitar
dark-pulse Spiritomb
dark-pulse Weavile
dark-pulse Yamask
dark-pulse Cofagrigus
dark-pulse Vullaby
dark-pulse Mandibuzz
dark-pulse Clawitzer
dark-pulse Yveltal
dark-pulse Impidimp
dark-pulse Morgrem
dark-pulse Grimmsnarl
dark-pulse Blastoise
dark-pulse Vulpix
dark-pulse Vulpix
dark-pulse Ninetales
dark-pulse Ninetales
dark-pulse Meowth
dark-pulse Meowth
dark-pulse Meowth
dark-pulse Persian
dark-pulse Persian
dark-pulse Gastly
dark-pulse Haunter
dark-pulse Gengar
dark-pulse Marowak
dark-pulse Koffing
dark-pulse Weezing
dark-pulse Weezing
dark-pulse Gyarados
dark-pulse Moltres
dark-pulse Mew
dark-pulse Crobat
dark-pulse Umbreon
dark-pulse Steelix
dark-pulse Sneasel
dark-pulse Skarmory
dark-pulse Larvitar
dark-pulse Pupitar
dark-pulse Tyranitar
dark-pulse Nuzleaf
dark-pulse Shiftry
dark-pulse Sableye
dark-pulse Mawile
dark-pulse Aggron
dark-pulse Carvanha
dark-pulse Sharpedo
dark-pulse Crawdaunt
dark-pulse Duskull
dark-pulse Dusclops
dark-pulse Absol
dark-pulse Glalie
dark-pulse Stunky
dark-pulse Skuntank
dark-pulse Spiritomb
dark-pulse Lucario
dark-pulse Skorupi
dark-pulse Drapion
dark-pulse Croagunk
dark-pulse Toxicroak
dark-pulse Weavile
dark-pulse Porygon-Z
dark-pulse Dusknoir
dark-pulse Rotom
dark-pulse Rotom
dark-pulse Rotom
dark-pulse Rotom
dark-pulse Rotom
dark-pulse Rotom
dark-pulse Heatran
dark-pulse Giratina
dark-pulse Giratina
dark-pulse Purrloin
dark-pulse Liepard
dark-pulse Sandile
dark-pulse Krokorok
dark-pulse Krookodile
dark-pulse Scraggy
dark-pulse Scrafty
dark-pulse Sigilyph
dark-pulse Yamask
dark-pulse Yamask
dark-pulse Cofagrigus
dark-pulse Trubbish
dark-pulse Garbodor
dark-pulse Zorua
dark-pulse Zoroark
dark-pulse Gothita
dark-pulse Gothorita
dark-pulse Gothitelle
dark-pulse Frillish
dark-pulse Jellicent
dark-pulse Elgyem
dark-pulse Beheeyem
dark-pulse Litwick
dark-pulse Lampent
dark-pulse Chandelure
dark-pulse Druddigon
dark-pulse Pawniard
dark-pulse Bisharp
dark-pulse Vullaby
dark-pulse Mandibuzz
dark-pulse Deino
dark-pulse Zweilous
dark-pulse Hydreigon
dark-pulse Tornadus
dark-pulse Tornadus
dark-pulse Thundurus
dark-pulse Thundurus
dark-pulse Genesect
dark-pulse Pancham
dark-pulse Pangoro
dark-pulse Espurr
dark-pulse Meowstic
dark-pulse Meowstic
dark-pulse Inkay
dark-pulse Malamar
dark-pulse Clawitzer
dark-pulse Helioptile
dark-pulse Heliolisk
dark-pulse Tyrunt
dark-pulse Tyrantrum
dark-pulse Amaura
dark-pulse Aurorus
dark-pulse Phantump
dark-pulse Trevenant
dark-pulse Pumpkaboo
dark-pulse Gourgeist
dark-pulse Noibat
dark-pulse Noivern
dark-pulse Yveltal
dark-pulse Incineroar
dark-pulse Golisopod
dark-pulse Mimikyu
dark-pulse Guzzlord
dark-pulse Necrozma
dark-pulse Naganadel
dark-pulse Blacephalon
dark-pulse Inteleon
dark-pulse Thievul
dark-pulse Sinistea
dark-pulse Polteageist
dark-pulse Hatenna
dark-pulse Hattrem
dark-pulse Hatterene
dark-pulse Impidimp
dark-pulse Morgrem
dark-pulse Grimmsnarl
dark-pulse Perrserker
dark-pulse Runerigus
dark-pulse Morpeko
dark-pulse Duraludon
dark-pulse Urshifu
dark-pulse Zarude
dark-pulse Spectrier
dark-pulse Calyrex
dark-void Darkrai
darkest-lariat Incineroar
darkest-lariat Poliwrath
darkest-lariat Machamp
darkest-lariat Snorlax
darkest-lariat Mew
darkest-lariat Swampert
darkest-lariat Electivire
darkest-lariat Dusknoir
darkest-lariat Regigigas
darkest-lariat Krookodile
darkest-lariat Golurk
darkest-lariat Pangoro
darkest-lariat Incineroar
darkest-lariat Bewear
darkest-lariat Tapu Bulu
darkest-lariat Buzzwole
darkest-lariat Melmetal
darkest-lariat Rillaboom
darkest-lariat Grimmsnarl
darkest-lariat Urshifu
darkest-lariat Zarude
dazzling-gleam Ninetales
dazzling-gleam Ponyta
dazzling-gleam Rapidash
dazzling-gleam Mr. Mime
dazzling-gleam Mr. Mime
dazzling-gleam Gardevoir
dazzling-gleam Mime Jr.
dazzling-gleam Cutiefly
dazzling-gleam Ribombee
dazzling-gleam Morelull
dazzling-gleam Shiinotic
dazzling-gleam Hatenna
dazzling-gleam Hattrem
dazzling-gleam Hatterene
dazzling-gleam Mr. Rime
dazzling-gleam Milcery
dazzling-gleam Alcremie
dazzling-gleam Clefairy
dazzling-gleam Clefable
dazzling-gleam Ninetales
dazzling-gleam Jigglypuff
dazzling-gleam Wigglytuff
dazzling-gleam Oddish
dazzling-gleam Gloom
dazzling-gleam Vileplume
dazzling-gleam Abra
dazzling-gleam Kadabra
dazzling-gleam Alakazam
dazzling-gleam Tentacool
dazzling-gleam Tentacruel
dazzling-gleam Ponyta
dazzling-gleam Rapidash
dazzling-gleam Gastly
dazzling-gleam Haunter
dazzling-gleam Gengar
dazzling-gleam Weezing
dazzling-gleam Chansey
dazzling-gleam Staryu
dazzling-gleam Starmie
dazzling-gleam Mr. Mime
dazzling-gleam Mr. Mime
dazzling-gleam Mew
dazzling-gleam Chinchou
dazzling-gleam Lanturn
dazzling-gleam Togepi
dazzling-gleam Togetic
dazzling-gleam Natu
dazzling-gleam Xatu
dazzling-gleam Bellossom
dazzling-gleam Espeon
dazzling-gleam Blissey
dazzling-gleam Celebi
dazzling-gleam Ralts
dazzling-gleam Kirlia
dazzling-gleam Gardevoir
dazzling-gleam Sableye
dazzling-gleam Roselia
dazzling-gleam Swablu
dazzling-gleam Altaria
dazzling-gleam Baltoy
dazzling-gleam Claydol
dazzling-gleam Jirachi
dazzling-gleam Budew
dazzling-gleam Roserade
dazzling-gleam Cherubi
dazzling-gleam Cherrim
dazzling-gleam Mime Jr.
dazzling-gleam Togekiss
dazzling-gleam Gallade
dazzling-gleam Uxie
dazzling-gleam Mesprit
dazzling-gleam Azelf
dazzling-gleam Victini
dazzling-gleam Munna
dazzling-gleam Musharna
dazzling-gleam Audino
dazzling-gleam Cottonee
dazzling-gleam Whimsicott
dazzling-gleam Sigilyph
dazzling-gleam Minccino
dazzling-gleam Cinccino
dazzling-gleam Frillish
dazzling-gleam Jellicent
dazzling-gleam Spritzee
dazzling-gleam Aromatisse
dazzling-gleam Swirlix
dazzling-gleam Slurpuff
dazzling-gleam Sylveon
dazzling-gleam Dedenne
dazzling-gleam Carbink
dazzling-gleam Klefki
dazzling-gleam Xerneas
dazzling-gleam Diancie
dazzling-gleam Primarina
dazzling-gleam Cutiefly
dazzling-gleam Ribombee
dazzling-gleam Morelull
dazzling-gleam Shiinotic
dazzling-gleam Bounsweet
dazzling-gleam Steenee
dazzling-gleam Tsareena
dazzling-gleam Comfey
dazzling-gleam Mimikyu
dazzling-gleam Tapu Koko
dazzling-gleam Tapu Lele
dazzling-gleam Tapu Bulu
dazzling-gleam Tapu Fini
dazzling-gleam Lunala
dazzling-gleam Nihilego
dazzling-gleam Xurkitree
dazzling-gleam Magearna
dazzling-gleam Hatenna
dazzling-gleam Hattrem
dazzling-gleam Hatterene
dazzling-gleam Impidimp
dazzling-gleam Morgrem
dazzling-gleam Grimmsnarl
dazzling-gleam Mr. Rime
dazzling-gleam Milcery
dazzling-gleam Alcremie
dazzling-gleam Frosmoth
dazzling-gleam Indeedee
dazzling-gleam Indeedee
dazzling-gleam Zamazenta
decorate Alcremie
defend-order Vespiquen
defense-curl Sandshrew
defense-curl Sandshrew
defense-curl Sandslash
defense-curl Sandslash
defense-curl Clefairy
defense-curl Clefable
defense-curl Jigglypuff
defense-curl Wigglytuff
defense-curl Lickitung
defense-curl Chansey
defense-curl Snorlax
defense-curl Igglybuff
defense-curl Marill
defense-curl Azumarill
defense-curl Dunsparce
defense-curl Porygon2
defense-curl Miltank
defense-curl Blissey
defense-curl Spheal
defense-curl Sealeo
defense-curl Walrein
defense-curl Buneary
defense-curl Lopunny
defense-curl Happiny
defense-curl Munchlax
defense-curl Lickilicky
defense-curl Porygon-Z
defense-curl Munna
defense-curl Musharna
defense-curl Venipede
defense-curl Whirlipede
defense-curl Scolipede
defense-curl Golett
defense-curl Golurk
defense-curl Wimpod
defense-curl Golisopod
defense-curl Togedemaru
defense-curl Magearna
defense-curl Wooloo
defense-curl Dubwool
defense-curl Onix
defense-curl Sudowoodo
defense-curl Steelix
defense-curl Shuckle
defense-curl Wailmer
defense-curl Wailord
defense-curl Bagon
defense-curl Cherubi
defense-curl Cherrim
defense-curl Bonsly
defense-curl Foongus
defense-curl Amoonguss
defense-curl Bunnelby
defense-curl Diggersby
defense-curl Stufful
defense-curl Bewear
defense-curl Skwovet
defense-curl Greedent
defense-curl Applin
defense-curl Flapple
defense-curl Appletun
defense-curl Sizzlipede
defense-curl Centiskorch
defense-curl Cufant
defense-curl Copperajah
defog Farfetch'd
defog Weezing
defog Giratina
defog Giratina
defog Rufflet
defog Braviary
defog Vullaby
defog Mandibuzz
defog Tapu Fini
defog Kartana
defog Sirfetch'd
defog Frosmoth
defog Zubat
defog Scyther
defog Hoothoot
defog Noctowl
defog Scizor
defog Seedot
defog Nuzleaf
defog Shiftry
defog Swablu
defog Drifloon
defog Drifblim
defog Pidove
defog Tranquill
defog Unfezant
defog Timburr
defog Gurdurr
defog Conkeldurr
defog Archen
defog Emolga
defog Fletchling
defog Fletchinder
defog Talonflame
defog Hawlucha
defog Noibat
defog Noivern
defog Rowlet
defog Dartrix
defog Decidueye
defog Fomantis
defog Lurantis
defog Rookidee
defog Corvisquire
defog Corviknight
defog Cramorant
destiny-bond Gastly
destiny-bond Haunter
destiny-bond Gengar
destiny-bond Koffing
destiny-bond Weezing
destiny-bond Weezing
destiny-bond Wobbuffet
destiny-bond Qwilfish
destiny-bond Wynaut
destiny-bond Vespiquen
destiny-bond Drifloon
destiny-bond Drifblim
destiny-bond Dusknoir
destiny-bond Froslass
destiny-bond Giratina
destiny-bond Giratina
destiny-bond Yamask
destiny-bond Yamask
destiny-bond Cofagrigus
destiny-bond Frillish
destiny-bond Jellicent
destiny-bond Phantump
destiny-bond Trevenant
destiny-bond Runerigus
destiny-bond Corsola
destiny-bond Delibird
destiny-bond Ralts
destiny-bond Kirlia
destiny-bond Gardevoir
destiny-bond Carvanha
destiny-bond Sharpedo
destiny-bond Spiritomb
destiny-bond Gallade
destiny-bond Elgyem
destiny-bond Beheeyem
destiny-bond Honedge
destiny-bond Doublade
destiny-bond Aegislash
destiny-bond Inkay
destiny-bond Malamar
destiny-bond Pumpkaboo
destiny-bond Gourgeist
destiny-bond Sandygast
destiny-bond Palossand
destiny-bond Mimikyu
destiny-bond Cursola
detect Farfetch'd
detect Hitmonchan
detect Zapdos
detect Zapdos
detect Hitmontop
detect Treecko
detect Grovyle
detect Sceptile
detect Torchic
detect Combusken
detect Blaziken
detect Sableye
detect Absol
detect Lucario
detect Azelf
detect Pidove
detect Tranquill
detect Unfezant
detect Mienfoo
detect Mienshao
detect Hawlucha
detect Kartana
detect Clobbopus
detect Grapploct
detect Sirfetch'd
detect Kubfu
detect Urshifu
detect Urshifu
detect Cubone
detect Marowak
detect Marowak
detect Eevee
detect Vaporeon
detect Jolteon
detect Flareon
detect Espeon
detect Umbreon
detect Riolu
detect Lucario
detect Leafeon
detect Glaceon
detect Timburr
detect Gurdurr
detect Conkeldurr
detect Scraggy
detect Scrafty
detect Zorua
detect Zoroark
detect Sylveon
diamond-storm Diancie
dig Sandshrew
dig Sandslash
dig Diglett
dig Diglett
dig Dugtrio
dig Dugtrio
dig Onix
dig Steelix
dig Hitmontop
dig Nincada
dig Ninjask
dig Shedinja
dig Trapinch
dig Vibrava
dig Flygon
dig Gible
dig Gabite
dig Garchomp
dig Hippopotas
dig Hippowdon
dig Drilbur
dig Excadrill
dig Sandile
dig Krokorok
dig Krookodile
dig Durant
dig Bunnelby
dig Diggersby
dig Zygarde
dig Grubbin
dig Charjabug
dig Vikavolt
dig Silicobra
dig Sandaconda
dig Cufant
dig Copperajah
dig Charmander
dig Charmeleon
dig Charizard
dig Squirtle
dig Wartortle
dig Blastoise
dig Pikachu
dig Raichu
dig Raichu
dig Sandshrew
dig Sandshrew
dig Sandslash
dig Sandslash
dig Nidoran♀
dig Nidorina
dig Nidoqueen
dig Nidoran♂
dig Nidorino
dig Nidoking
dig Clefairy
dig Clefable
dig Vulpix
dig Vulpix
dig Ninetales
dig Ninetales
dig Jigglypuff
dig Wigglytuff
dig Diglett
dig Diglett
dig Dugtrio
dig Dugtrio
dig Meowth
dig Meowth
dig Meowth
dig Persian
dig Persian
dig Psyduck
dig Golduck
dig Growlithe
dig Arcanine
dig Poliwag
dig Poliwhirl
dig Poliwrath
dig Machop
dig Machoke
dig Machamp
dig Slowpoke
dig Slowpoke
dig Slowbro
dig Slowbro
dig Onix
dig Krabby
dig Kingler
dig Cubone
dig Marowak
dig Marowak
dig Lickitung
dig Rhyhorn
dig Rhydon
dig Kangaskhan
dig Pinsir
dig Eevee
dig Vaporeon
dig Jolteon
dig Flareon
dig Kabuto
dig Kabutops
dig Mew
dig Cleffa
dig Igglybuff
dig Marill
dig Azumarill
dig Sudowoodo
dig Politoed
dig Wooper
dig Quagsire
dig Espeon
dig Umbreon
dig Slowking
dig Slowking
dig Dunsparce
dig Steelix
dig Shuckle
dig Heracross
dig Sneasel
dig Swinub
dig Piloswine
dig Corsola
dig Corsola
dig Hitmontop
dig Raikou
dig Entei
dig Suicune
dig Larvitar
dig Pupitar
dig Tyranitar
dig Treecko
dig Grovyle
dig Sceptile
dig Torchic
dig Combusken
dig Blaziken
dig Mudkip
dig Marshtomp
dig Swampert
dig Zigzagoon
dig Zigzagoon
dig Linoone
dig Linoone
dig Seedot
dig Nuzleaf
dig Shiftry
dig Nincada
dig Ninjask
dig Shedinja
dig Sableye
dig Aron
dig Lairon
dig Aggron
dig Trapinch
dig Vibrava
dig Flygon
dig Corphish
dig Crawdaunt
dig Baltoy
dig Claydol
dig Cradily
dig Anorith
dig Armaldo
dig Regirock
dig Groudon
dig Gastrodon
dig Buneary
dig Lopunny
dig Stunky
dig Skuntank
dig Bonsly
dig Gible
dig Gabite
dig Garchomp
dig Riolu
dig Lucario
dig Hippopotas
dig Hippowdon
dig Skorupi
dig Drapion
dig Croagunk
dig Toxicroak
dig Weavile
dig Lickilicky
dig Rhyperior
dig Electivire
dig Leafeon
dig Glaceon
dig Mamoswine
dig Heatran
dig Lillipup
dig Herdier
dig Stoutland
dig Drilbur
dig Excadrill
dig Audino
dig Timburr
dig Gurdurr
dig Conkeldurr
dig Seismitoad
dig Throh
dig Sawk
dig Scolipede
dig Sandile
dig Krokorok
dig Krookodile
dig Darumaka
dig Darumaka
dig Darmanitan
dig Darmanitan
dig Dwebble
dig Crustle
dig Scraggy
dig Scrafty
dig Tirtouga
dig Carracosta
dig Archen
dig Archeops
dig Zorua
dig Zoroark
dig Minccino
dig Cinccino
dig Axew
dig Fraxure
dig Haxorus
dig Cubchoo
dig Beartic
dig Stunfisk
dig Stunfisk
dig Mienfoo
dig Mienshao
dig Druddigon
dig Golett
dig Golurk
dig Pawniard
dig Bisharp
dig Heatmor
dig Durant
dig Landorus
dig Landorus
dig Bunnelby
dig Diggersby
dig Pancham
dig Pangoro
dig Meowstic
dig Meowstic
dig Binacle
dig Barbaracle
dig Helioptile
dig Heliolisk
dig Tyrunt
dig Tyrantrum
dig Sylveon
dig Hawlucha
dig Dedenne
dig Phantump
dig Trevenant
dig Zygarde
dig Grubbin
dig Charjabug
dig Vikavolt
dig Skwovet
dig Greedent
dig Nickit
dig Thievul
dig Drednaw
dig Yamper
dig Boltund
dig Rolycoly
dig Carkol
dig Coalossal
dig Silicobra
dig Sandaconda
dig Grapploct
dig Obstagoon
dig Perrserker
dig Cursola
dig Cufant
dig Copperajah
dig Zacian
dig Zamazenta
dig Kubfu
dig Urshifu
dig Urshifu
dig Zarude
dire-claw Sneasler
disable Vulpix
disable Vulpix
disable Ninetales
disable Ninetales
disable Jigglypuff
disable Wigglytuff
disable Psyduck
disable Golduck
disable Kadabra
disable Alakazam
disable Slowpoke
disable Slowpoke
disable Slowbro
disable Slowbro
disable Lickitung
disable Mewtwo
disable Igglybuff
disable Slowking
disable Slowking
disable Corsola
disable Sableye
disable Duskull
disable Dusclops
disable Lickilicky
disable Dusknoir
disable Yamask
disable Yamask
disable Cofagrigus
disable Yveltal
disable Salazzle
disable Tapu Bulu
disable Cursola
disable Runerigus
disable Spectrier
disable Calyrex
disable Nidoran♀
disable Nidoran♂
disable Gastly
disable Haunter
disable Gengar
disable Kangaskhan
disable Horsea
disable Seadra
disable Kingdra
disable Ralts
disable Kirlia
disable Gardevoir
disable Snorunt
disable Glalie
disable Drifloon
disable Drifblim
disable Spiritomb
disable Gallade
disable Froslass
disable Elgyem
disable Beheeyem
disable Spritzee
disable Aromatisse
disable Inkay
disable Malamar
disable Phantump
disable Trevenant
disable Pumpkaboo
disable Gourgeist
disable Dreepy
disable Drakloak
disable Dragapult
disarming-voice Clefairy
disarming-voice Clefable
disarming-voice Jigglypuff
disarming-voice Wigglytuff
disarming-voice Chansey
disarming-voice Cleffa
disarming-voice Igglybuff
disarming-voice Blissey
disarming-voice Ralts
disarming-voice Kirlia
disarming-voice Gardevoir
disarming-voice Swablu
disarming-voice Altaria
disarming-voice Milotic
disarming-voice Happiny
disarming-voice Gallade
disarming-voice Audino
disarming-voice Espurr
disarming-voice Meowstic
disarming-voice Meowstic
disarming-voice Aromatisse
disarming-voice Sylveon
disarming-voice Popplio
disarming-voice Brionne
disarming-voice Primarina
disarming-voice Tapu Fini
disarming-voice Hatenna
disarming-voice Hattrem
disarming-voice Hatterene
disarming-voice Indeedee
disarming-voice Indeedee
disarming-voice Pikachu
disarming-voice Raichu
disarming-voice Raichu
disarming-voice Pichu
disarming-voice Whismur
disarming-voice Loudred
disarming-voice Exploud
disarming-voice Togedemaru
discharge Pikachu
discharge Raichu
discharge Raichu
discharge Magnemite
discharge Magneton
discharge Electabuzz
discharge Jolteon
discharge Porygon
discharge Zapdos
discharge Chinchou
discharge Lanturn
discharge Porygon2
discharge Elekid
discharge Raikou
discharge Electrike
discharge Manectric
discharge Shinx
discharge Luxio
discharge Luxray
discharge Magnezone
discharge Electivire
discharge Porygon-Z
discharge Rotom
discharge Rotom
discharge Rotom
discharge Rotom
discharge Rotom
discharge Rotom
discharge Emolga
discharge Joltik
discharge Galvantula
discharge Klink
discharge Klang
discharge Klinklang
discharge Stunfisk
discharge Thundurus
discharge Thundurus
discharge Heliolisk
discharge Dedenne
discharge Charjabug
discharge Vikavolt
discharge Togedemaru
discharge Tapu Koko
discharge Xurkitree
discharge Zeraora
discharge Melmetal
discharge Toxtricity
discharge Toxtricity
discharge Pincurchin
discharge Dracozolt
discharge Arctozolt
discharge Amaura
discharge Grubbin
discharge Charjabug
discharge Vikavolt
discharge Yamper
discharge Boltund
dive Wailmer
dive Wailord
dive Relicanth
dive Wishiwashi
dive Cramorant
dive Arrokuda
dive Barraskewda
dive Squirtle
dive Wartortle
dive Blastoise
dive Psyduck
dive Golduck
dive Poliwag
dive Poliwhirl
dive Poliwrath
dive Tentacool
dive Tentacruel
dive Slowpoke
dive Slowpoke
dive Slowbro
dive Slowbro
dive Shellder
dive Cloyster
dive Krabby
dive Kingler
dive Horsea
dive Seadra
dive Goldeen
dive Seaking
dive Staryu
dive Starmie
dive Gyarados
dive Lapras
dive Vaporeon
dive Omanyte
dive Omastar
dive Kabutops
dive Dragonite
dive Mewtwo
dive Mew
dive Chinchou
dive Lanturn
dive Marill
dive Azumarill
dive Politoed
dive Wooper
dive Quagsire
dive Slowking
dive Slowking
dive Qwilfish
dive Remoraid
dive Octillery
dive Mantine
dive Kingdra
dive Suicune
dive Lugia
dive Mudkip
dive Marshtomp
dive Swampert
dive Lombre
dive Ludicolo
dive Carvanha
dive Sharpedo
dive Wailmer
dive Wailord
dive Barboach
dive Whiscash
dive Crawdaunt
dive Feebas
dive Milotic
dive Spheal
dive Sealeo
dive Walrein
dive Relicanth
dive Latias
dive Latios
dive Kyogre
dive Rayquaza
dive Shellos
dive Gastrodon
dive Mantyke
dive Palkia
dive Seismitoad
dive Basculin
dive Tirtouga
dive Carracosta
dive Frillish
dive Jellicent
dive Beartic
dive Barbaracle
dive Skrelp
dive Dragalge
dive Clauncher
dive Clawitzer
dive Popplio
dive Brionne
dive Primarina
dive Wishiwashi
dive Araquanid
dive Golisopod
dive Tapu Fini
dive Sobble
dive Drizzile
dive Inteleon
dive Chewtle
dive Drednaw
dive Cramorant
dive Arrokuda
dive Barraskewda
dive Clobbopus
dive Grapploct
dive Eiscue
dive Dracovish
dive Arctovish
dive Drakloak
dive Dragapult
dive Urshifu
dizzy-punch Kangaskhan
dizzy-punch Spinda
dizzy-punch Buneary
dizzy-punch Lopunny
dizzy-punch Regigigas
dizzy-punch Reuniclus
dizzy-punch Crabrawler
dizzy-punch Crabominable
dizzy-punch Ledyba
dizzy-punch Ledian
dizzy-punch Miltank
dizzy-punch Volbeat
dizzy-punch Kecleon
doom-desire Jirachi
double-hit Weezing
double-hit Weezing
double-hit Kangaskhan
double-hit Scyther
double-hit Pinsir
double-hit Scizor
double-hit Corphish
double-hit Crawdaunt
double-hit Mamoswine
double-hit Zweilous
double-hit Hydreigon
double-hit Type: Null
double-hit Silvally
double-hit Thwackey
double-hit Rillaboom
double-hit Drakloak
double-hit Dragapult
double-hit Sneasel
double-hit Buneary
double-hit Lopunny
double-hit Weavile
double-hit Deino
double-hit Zweilous
double-hit Hydreigon
double-iron-bash Melmetal
double-kick Nidoran♀
double-kick Nidorina
double-kick Nidoqueen
double-kick Nidoran♂
double-kick Nidorino
double-kick Nidoking
double-kick Hitmonlee
double-kick Mr. Mime
double-kick Jolteon
double-kick Combusken
double-kick Blaziken
double-kick Buneary
double-kick Lopunny
double-kick Sawk
double-kick Cobalion
double-kick Terrakion
double-kick Virizion
double-kick Keldeo
double-kick Bunnelby
double-kick Diggersby
double-kick Litten
double-kick Torracat
double-kick Incineroar
double-kick Mudbray
double-kick Mudsdale
double-kick Pheromosa
double-kick Scorbunny
double-kick Raboot
double-kick Cinderace
double-kick Wooloo
double-kick Dubwool
double-kick Mr. Rime
double-kick Glastrier
double-kick Spectrier
double-kick Calyrex
double-kick Calyrex
double-kick Growlithe
double-kick Arcanine
double-kick Ponyta
double-kick Ponyta
double-kick Rapidash
double-kick Rapidash
double-kick Cubone
double-kick Marowak
double-kick Marowak
double-kick Eevee
double-kick Vaporeon
double-kick Jolteon
double-kick Flareon
double-kick Wooper
double-kick Quagsire
double-kick Espeon
double-kick Umbreon
double-kick Treecko
double-kick Shinx
double-kick Luxio
double-kick Luxray
double-kick Leafeon
double-kick Glaceon
double-kick Sylveon
double-slap Clefairy
double-slap Clefable
double-slap Jigglypuff
double-slap Wigglytuff
double-slap Poliwag
double-slap Poliwhirl
double-slap Poliwrath
double-slap Chansey
double-slap Mr. Mime
double-slap Jynx
double-slap Politoed
double-slap Blissey
double-slap Skitty
double-slap Delcatty
double-slap Mime Jr.
double-slap Audino
double-slap Trubbish
double-slap Garbodor
double-slap Minccino
double-slap Gothita
double-slap Gothorita
double-slap Gothitelle
double-slap Alomomola
double-slap Mienfoo
double-slap Mienshao
double-slap Bunnelby
double-slap Diggersby
double-slap Popplio
double-slap Brionne
double-slap Primarina
double-slap Oricorio
double-slap Salandit
double-slap Salazzle
double-slap Steenee
double-slap Tsareena
double-slap Pikachu
double-slap Raichu
double-slap Raichu
double-slap Pichu
double-slap Aipom
double-slap Buizel
double-slap Floatzel
double-slap Ambipom
double-team Pikachu
double-team Raichu
double-team Raichu
double-team Scyther
double-team Scizor
double-team Treecko
double-team Grovyle
double-team Sceptile
double-team Ralts
double-team Kirlia
double-team Gardevoir
double-team Ninjask
double-team Absol
double-team Snorunt
double-team Glalie
double-team Gallade
double-team Froslass
double-team Rotom
double-team Rotom
double-team Rotom
double-team Rotom
double-team Rotom
double-team Rotom
double-team Cresselia
double-team Emolga
double-team Accelgor
double-team Skrelp
double-team Dragalge
double-team Noibat
double-team Noivern
double-team Yveltal
double-team Rockruff
double-team Lycanroc
double-team Lycanroc
double-team Lycanroc
double-team Mimikyu
double-team Purrloin
double-team Liepard
double-team Archen
double-team Joltik
double-team Galvantula
double-team Rowlet
double-team Dartrix
double-team Decidueye
double-team Sobble
double-team Drizzile
double-team Inteleon
double-team Dreepy
double-team Drakloak
double-team Dragapult
double-edge Bulbasaur
double-edge Ivysaur
double-edge Venusaur
double-edge Jigglypuff
double-edge Wigglytuff
double-edge Poliwag
double-edge Poliwhirl
double-edge Poliwrath
double-edge Machop
double-edge Machoke
double-edge Machamp
double-edge Onix
double-edge Cubone
double-edge Marowak
double-edge Marowak
double-edge Chansey
double-edge Tauros
double-edge Eevee
double-edge Vaporeon
double-edge Jolteon
double-edge Flareon
double-edge Togepi
double-edge Togetic
double-edge Marill
double-edge Azumarill
double-edge Sudowoodo
double-edge Politoed
double-edge Espeon
double-edge Umbreon
double-edge Dunsparce
double-edge Steelix
double-edge Blissey
double-edge Zigzagoon
double-edge Zigzagoon
double-edge Linoone
double-edge Linoone
double-edge Aron
double-edge Lairon
double-edge Aggron
double-edge Relicanth
double-edge Bagon
double-edge Shelgon
double-edge Salamence
double-edge Kyogre
double-edge Jirachi
double-edge Bonsly
double-edge Hippopotas
double-edge Hippowdon
double-edge Togekiss
double-edge Leafeon
double-edge Glaceon
double-edge Victini
double-edge Audino
double-edge Venipede
double-edge Whirlipede
double-edge Scolipede
double-edge Basculin
double-edge Karrablast
double-edge Escavalier
double-edge Larvesta
double-edge Volcarona
double-edge Sylveon
double-edge Bergmite
double-edge Avalugg
double-edge Wishiwashi
double-edge Stufful
double-edge Bewear
double-edge Passimian
double-edge Type: Null
double-edge Silvally
double-edge Celesteela
double-edge Stakataka
double-edge Scorbunny
double-edge Raboot
double-edge Cinderace
double-edge Wooloo
double-edge Dubwool
double-edge Arrokuda
double-edge Barraskewda
double-edge Obstagoon
double-edge Drakloak
double-edge Dragapult
double-edge Glastrier
double-edge Spectrier
double-edge Calyrex
double-edge Calyrex
double-edge Meowth
double-edge Growlithe
double-edge Arcanine
double-edge Ponyta
double-edge Ponyta
double-edge Rapidash
double-edge Rapidash
double-edge Farfetch'd
double-edge Kangaskhan
double-edge Snorlax
double-edge Heracross
double-edge Swinub
double-edge Piloswine
double-edge Miltank
double-edge Mudkip
double-edge Carvanha
double-edge Sharpedo
double-edge Wailmer
double-edge Wailord
double-edge Corphish
double-edge Crawdaunt
double-edge Absol
double-edge Stunky
double-edge Skuntank
double-edge Gible
double-edge Munchlax
double-edge Snover
double-edge Abomasnow
double-edge Mamoswine
double-edge Sandile
double-edge Krokorok
double-edge Krookodile
double-edge Shelmet
double-edge Accelgor
double-edge Mudbray
double-edge Mudsdale
double-edge Yamper
double-edge Boltund
double-edge Perrserker
double-edge Sirfetch'd
double-edge Eiscue
double-edge Cufant
double-edge Copperajah
draco-meteor Exeggutor
draco-meteor Dratini
draco-meteor Dragonair
draco-meteor Dragonite
draco-meteor Kingdra
draco-meteor Vibrava
draco-meteor Flygon
draco-meteor Altaria
draco-meteor Bagon
draco-meteor Shelgon
draco-meteor Salamence
draco-meteor Latias
draco-meteor Latios
draco-meteor Rayquaza
draco-meteor Gible
draco-meteor Gabite
draco-meteor Garchomp
draco-meteor Dialga
draco-meteor Palkia
draco-meteor Giratina
draco-meteor Giratina
draco-meteor Arceus
draco-meteor Axew
draco-meteor Fraxure
draco-meteor Haxorus
draco-meteor Druddigon
draco-meteor Deino
draco-meteor Zweilous
draco-meteor Hydreigon
draco-meteor Reshiram
draco-meteor Zekrom
draco-meteor Kyurem
draco-meteor Kyurem
draco-meteor Kyurem
draco-meteor Dragalge
draco-meteor Tyrunt
draco-meteor Tyrantrum
draco-meteor Goomy
draco-meteor Sliggoo
draco-meteor Goodra
draco-meteor Noibat
draco-meteor Noivern
draco-meteor Zygarde
draco-meteor Silvally
draco-meteor Turtonator
draco-meteor Drampa
draco-meteor Jangmo-o
draco-meteor Hakamo-o
draco-meteor Kommo-o
draco-meteor Guzzlord
draco-meteor Naganadel
dragon-ascent Rayquaza
dragon-breath Charmander
dragon-breath Charmeleon
dragon-breath Charizard
dragon-breath Onix
dragon-breath Horsea
dragon-breath Seadra
dragon-breath Steelix
dragon-breath Kingdra
dragon-breath Vibrava
dragon-breath Flygon
dragon-breath Swablu
dragon-breath Altaria
dragon-breath Bagon
dragon-breath Shelgon
dragon-breath Salamence
dragon-breath Latias
dragon-breath Latios
dragon-breath Gible
dragon-breath Gabite
dragon-breath Garchomp
dragon-breath Dialga
dragon-breath Palkia
dragon-breath Giratina
dragon-breath Giratina
dragon-breath Archen
dragon-breath Archeops
dragon-breath Deino
dragon-breath Zweilous
dragon-breath Hydreigon
dragon-breath Reshiram
dragon-breath Zekrom
dragon-breath Kyurem
dragon-breath Kyurem
dragon-breath Kyurem
dragon-breath Goomy
dragon-breath Sliggoo
dragon-breath Goodra
dragon-breath Zygarde
dragon-breath Drampa
dragon-breath Flapple
dragon-breath Dracovish
dragon-breath Dragapult
dragon-breath Regidrago
dragon-breath Aerodactyl
dragon-breath Dratini
dragon-breath Treecko
dragon-breath Feebas
dragon-breath Milotic
dragon-breath Jangmo-o
dragon-breath Hakamo-o
dragon-breath Kommo-o
dragon-claw Charizard
dragon-claw Flygon
dragon-claw Bagon
dragon-claw Shelgon
dragon-claw Salamence
dragon-claw Gible
dragon-claw Gabite
dragon-claw Garchomp
dragon-claw Dialga
dragon-claw Palkia
dragon-claw Giratina
dragon-claw Giratina
dragon-claw Archen
dragon-claw Archeops
dragon-claw Axew
dragon-claw Fraxure
dragon-claw Haxorus
dragon-claw Druddigon
dragon-claw Zekrom
dragon-claw Tyrunt
dragon-claw Tyrantrum
dragon-claw Jangmo-o
dragon-claw Hakamo-o
dragon-claw Kommo-o
dragon-claw Duraludon
dragon-claw Regidrago
dragon-claw Charmander
dragon-claw Charmeleon
dragon-claw Charizard
dragon-claw Aerodactyl
dragon-claw Dragonite
dragon-claw Mew
dragon-claw Tyranitar
dragon-claw Sceptile
dragon-claw Aggron
dragon-claw Flygon
dragon-claw Altaria
dragon-claw Bagon
dragon-claw Shelgon
dragon-claw Salamence
dragon-claw Latias
dragon-claw Latios
dragon-claw Groudon
dragon-claw Rayquaza
dragon-claw Gible
dragon-claw Gabite
dragon-claw Garchomp
dragon-claw Dialga
dragon-claw Palkia
dragon-claw Giratina
dragon-claw Giratina
dragon-claw Krookodile
dragon-claw Scraggy
dragon-claw Scrafty
dragon-claw Archen
dragon-claw Archeops
dragon-claw Axew
dragon-claw Fraxure
dragon-claw Haxorus
dragon-claw Druddigon
dragon-claw Reshiram
dragon-claw Zekrom
dragon-claw Kyurem
dragon-claw Kyurem
dragon-claw Kyurem
dragon-claw Pangoro
dragon-claw Barbaracle
dragon-claw Tyrunt
dragon-claw Tyrantrum
dragon-claw Noivern
dragon-claw Yveltal
dragon-claw Salandit
dragon-claw Salazzle
dragon-claw Bewear
dragon-claw Type: Null
dragon-claw Silvally
dragon-claw Turtonator
dragon-claw Drampa
dragon-claw Jangmo-o
dragon-claw Hakamo-o
dragon-claw Kommo-o
dragon-claw Guzzlord
dragon-claw Naganadel
dragon-claw Dracozolt
dragon-claw Duraludon
dragon-claw Dragapult
dragon-claw Regidrago
dragon-dance Horsea
dragon-dance Seadra
dragon-dance Gyarados
dragon-dance Dratini
dragon-dance Dragonair
dragon-dance Dragonite
dragon-dance Kingdra
dragon-dance Flygon
dragon-dance Latios
dragon-dance Rayquaza
dragon-dance Axew
dragon-dance Fraxure
dragon-dance Haxorus
dragon-dance Jangmo-o
dragon-dance Hakamo-o
dragon-dance Kommo-o
dragon-dance Flapple
dragon-dance Drakloak
dragon-dance Dragapult
dragon-dance Eternatus
dragon-dance Regidrago
dragon-dance Charmander
dragon-dance Charmeleon
dragon-dance Charizard
dragon-dance Onix
dragon-dance Horsea
dragon-dance Seadra
dragon-dance Gyarados
dragon-dance Lapras
dragon-dance Aerodactyl
dragon-dance Dratini
dragon-dance Dragonair
dragon-dance Dragonite
dragon-dance Mew
dragon-dance Steelix
dragon-dance Kingdra
dragon-dance Larvitar
dragon-dance Pupitar
dragon-dance Tyranitar
dragon-dance Sceptile
dragon-dance Flygon
dragon-dance Altaria
dragon-dance Barboach
dragon-dance Whiscash
dragon-dance Corphish
dragon-dance Crawdaunt
dragon-dance Milotic
dragon-dance Bagon
dragon-dance Shelgon
dragon-dance Salamence
dragon-dance Latias
dragon-dance Latios
dragon-dance Rayquaza
dragon-dance Scraggy
dragon-dance Scrafty
dragon-dance Axew
dragon-dance Fraxure
dragon-dance Haxorus
dragon-dance Hydreigon
dragon-dance Reshiram
dragon-dance Zekrom
dragon-dance Kyurem
dragon-dance Kyurem
dragon-dance Kyurem
dragon-dance Tyrunt
dragon-dance Tyrantrum
dragon-dance Noivern
dragon-dance Zygarde
dragon-dance Salazzle
dragon-dance Drampa
dragon-dance Jangmo-o
dragon-dance Hakamo-o
dragon-dance Kommo-o
dragon-dance Necrozma
dragon-dance Naganadel
dragon-dance Flapple
dragon-dance Drakloak
dragon-dance Dragapult
dragon-dance Eternatus
dragon-dance Regidrago
dragon-darts Dragapult
dragon-energy Regidrago
dragon-hammer Exeggutor
dragon-pulse Horsea
dragon-pulse Seadra
dragon-pulse Kingdra
dragon-pulse Altaria
dragon-pulse Latias
dragon-pulse Latios
dragon-pulse Rayquaza
dragon-pulse Lucario
dragon-pulse Axew
dragon-pulse Fraxure
dragon-pulse Haxorus
dragon-pulse Deino
dragon-pulse Zweilous
dragon-pulse Hydreigon
dragon-pulse Reshiram
dragon-pulse Kyurem
dragon-pulse Kyurem
dragon-pulse Kyurem
dragon-pulse Skrelp
dragon-pulse Dragalge
dragon-pulse Clawitzer
dragon-pulse Goomy
dragon-pulse Sliggoo
dragon-pulse Goodra
dragon-pulse Noivern
dragon-pulse Zygarde
dragon-pulse Salandit
dragon-pulse Salazzle
dragon-pulse Turtonator
dragon-pulse Drampa
dragon-pulse Poipole
dragon-pulse Naganadel
dragon-pulse Flapple
dragon-pulse Appletun
dragon-pulse Dracozolt
dragon-pulse Dracovish
dragon-pulse Drakloak
dragon-pulse Eternatus
dragon-pulse Charmander
dragon-pulse Charmeleon
dragon-pulse Charizard
dragon-pulse Squirtle
dragon-pulse Wartortle
dragon-pulse Blastoise
dragon-pulse Nidoqueen
dragon-pulse Nidoking
dragon-pulse Arcanine
dragon-pulse Onix
dragon-pulse Exeggutor
dragon-pulse Rhyhorn
dragon-pulse Rhydon
dragon-pulse Horsea
dragon-pulse Seadra
dragon-pulse Gyarados
dragon-pulse Lapras
dragon-pulse Aerodactyl
dragon-pulse Dratini
dragon-pulse Dragonair
dragon-pulse Dragonite
dragon-pulse Mew
dragon-pulse Steelix
dragon-pulse Kingdra
dragon-pulse Tyranitar
dragon-pulse Lugia
dragon-pulse Sceptile
dragon-pulse Aggron
dragon-pulse Vibrava
dragon-pulse Flygon
dragon-pulse Swablu
dragon-pulse Altaria
dragon-pulse Feebas
dragon-pulse Milotic
dragon-pulse Bagon
dragon-pulse Shelgon
dragon-pulse Salamence
dragon-pulse Latias
dragon-pulse Latios
dragon-pulse Groudon
dragon-pulse Rayquaza
dragon-pulse Gible
dragon-pulse Gabite
dragon-pulse Garchomp
dragon-pulse Lucario
dragon-pulse Rhyperior
dragon-pulse Dialga
dragon-pulse Palkia
dragon-pulse Heatran
dragon-pulse Giratina
dragon-pulse Giratina
dragon-pulse Krookodile
dragon-pulse Scraggy
dragon-pulse Scrafty
dragon-pulse Archen
dragon-pulse Archeops
dragon-pulse Axew
dragon-pulse Fraxure
dragon-pulse Haxorus
dragon-pulse Druddigon
dragon-pulse Deino
dragon-pulse Zweilous
dragon-pulse Hydreigon
dragon-pulse Reshiram
dragon-pulse Zekrom
dragon-pulse Kyurem
dragon-pulse Kyurem
dragon-pulse Kyurem
dragon-pulse Skrelp
dragon-pulse Dragalge
dragon-pulse Clauncher
dragon-pulse Clawitzer
dragon-pulse Heliolisk
dragon-pulse Tyrunt
dragon-pulse Tyrantrum
dragon-pulse Goomy
dragon-pulse Sliggoo
dragon-pulse Goodra
dragon-pulse Noibat
dragon-pulse Noivern
dragon-pulse Zygarde
dragon-pulse Salandit
dragon-pulse Salazzle
dragon-pulse Turtonator
dragon-pulse Drampa
dragon-pulse Jangmo-o
dragon-pulse Hakamo-o
dragon-pulse Kommo-o
dragon-pulse Guzzlord
dragon-pulse Necrozma
dragon-pulse Poipole
dragon-pulse Naganadel
dragon-pulse Flapple
dragon-pulse Appletun
dragon-pulse Runerigus
dragon-pulse Dracozolt
dragon-pulse Dracovish
dragon-pulse Duraludon
dragon-pulse Drakloak
dragon-pulse Dragapult
dragon-pulse Eternatus
dragon-pulse Regidrago
dragon-rage Charmander
dragon-rage Charmeleon
dragon-rage Charizard
dragon-rage Gyarados
dragon-rage Dratini
dragon-rage Dragonair
dragon-rage Dragonite
dragon-rage Gible
dragon-rage Gabite
dragon-rage Gabite
dragon-rage Garchomp
dragon-rage Garchomp
dragon-rage Axew
dragon-rage Fraxure
dragon-rage Fraxure
dragon-rage Haxorus
dragon-rage Haxorus
dragon-rage Druddigon
dragon-rage Deino
dragon-rage Zweilous
dragon-rage Hydreigon
dragon-rage Reshiram
dragon-rage Zekrom
dragon-rage Kyurem
dragon-rage Kyurem
dragon-rage Kyurem
dragon-rage Salandit
dragon-rage Salazzle
dragon-rage Drampa
dragon-rage Guzzlord
dragon-rage Horsea
dragon-rage Seadra
dragon-rage Kingdra
dragon-rage Bagon
dragon-rage Shelgon
dragon-rage Salamence
dragon-rage Growlithe
dragon-rage Arcanine
dragon-rage Lapras
dragon-rage Aerodactyl
dragon-rage Mew
dragon-rush Dratini
dragon-rush Dragonair
dragon-rush Dragonite
dragon-rush Dunsparce
dragon-rush Lugia
dragon-rush Vibrava
dragon-rush Flygon
dragon-rush Gible
dragon-rush Gabite
dragon-rush Garchomp
dragon-rush Deino
dragon-rush Zweilous
dragon-rush Hydreigon
dragon-rush Yveltal
dragon-rush Guzzlord
dragon-rush Naganadel
dragon-rush Flapple
dragon-rush Dracozolt
dragon-rush Dracovish
dragon-rush Drakloak
dragon-rush Dragapult
dragon-rush Charmander
dragon-rush Charmeleon
dragon-rush Charizard
dragon-rush Rhyhorn
dragon-rush Rhydon
dragon-rush Aron
dragon-rush Swablu
dragon-rush Bagon
dragon-rush Rhyperior
dragon-rush Helioptile
dragon-rush Heliolisk
dragon-rush Noibat
dragon-rush Noivern
dragon-rush Drampa
dragon-rush Silicobra
dragon-rush Sandaconda
dragon-tail Dratini
dragon-tail Dragonair
dragon-tail Dragonite
dragon-tail Vibrava
dragon-tail Flygon
dragon-tail Milotic
dragon-tail Salamence
dragon-tail Druddigon
dragon-tail Tyrunt
dragon-tail Tyrantrum
dragon-tail Jangmo-o
dragon-tail Hakamo-o
dragon-tail Kommo-o
dragon-tail Guzzlord
dragon-tail Dracozolt
dragon-tail Duraludon
dragon-tail Eternatus
dragon-tail Charmander
dragon-tail Charmeleon
dragon-tail Charizard
dragon-tail Onix
dragon-tail Steelix
dragon-tail Skrelp
dragon-tail Dragalge
dragon-tail Helioptile
dragon-tail Heliolisk
dragon-tail Chewtle
dragon-tail Drednaw
dragon-tail Dreepy
dragon-tail Drakloak
dragon-tail Dragapult
drain-punch Hitmonchan
drain-punch Seismitoad
drain-punch Mienfoo
drain-punch Mienshao
drain-punch Marshadow
drain-punch Clefairy
drain-punch Clefable
drain-punch Jigglypuff
drain-punch Wigglytuff
drain-punch Gloom
drain-punch Vileplume
drain-punch Poliwrath
drain-punch Abra
drain-punch Kadabra
drain-punch Alakazam
drain-punch Slowbro
drain-punch Slowbro
drain-punch Gengar
drain-punch Hitmonchan
drain-punch Chansey
drain-punch Kangaskhan
drain-punch Mr. Mime
drain-punch Mr. Mime
drain-punch Jynx
drain-punch Mewtwo
drain-punch Mew
drain-punch Togetic
drain-punch Bellossom
drain-punch Slowking
drain-punch Slowking
drain-punch Blissey
drain-punch Treecko
drain-punch Grovyle
drain-punch Sceptile
drain-punch Lombre
drain-punch Ludicolo
drain-punch Sableye
drain-punch Regirock
drain-punch Jirachi
drain-punch Buneary
drain-punch Lopunny
drain-punch Mime Jr.
drain-punch Happiny
drain-punch Riolu
drain-punch Lucario
drain-punch Croagunk
drain-punch Toxicroak
drain-punch Togekiss
drain-punch Gallade
drain-punch Uxie
drain-punch Mesprit
drain-punch Azelf
drain-punch Regigigas
drain-punch Audino
drain-punch Timburr
drain-punch Gurdurr
drain-punch Conkeldurr
drain-punch Seismitoad
drain-punch Maractus
drain-punch Scraggy
drain-punch Scrafty
drain-punch Trubbish
drain-punch Garbodor
drain-punch Reuniclus
drain-punch Accelgor
drain-punch Mienfoo
drain-punch Mienshao
drain-punch Golett
drain-punch Golurk
drain-punch Heatmor
drain-punch Pancham
drain-punch Pangoro
drain-punch Aromatisse
drain-punch Slurpuff
drain-punch Hawlucha
drain-punch Trevenant
drain-punch Incineroar
drain-punch Shiinotic
drain-punch Bewear
drain-punch Passimian
drain-punch Mimikyu
drain-punch Hakamo-o
drain-punch Kommo-o
drain-punch Buzzwole
drain-punch Guzzlord
drain-punch Marshadow
drain-punch Zeraora
drain-punch Grookey
drain-punch Thwackey
drain-punch Rillaboom
drain-punch Toxtricity
drain-punch Toxtricity
drain-punch Grapploct
drain-punch Impidimp
drain-punch Morgrem
drain-punch Grimmsnarl
drain-punch Mr. Rime
drain-punch Alcremie
drain-punch Indeedee
drain-punch Indeedee
drain-punch Urshifu
drain-punch Urshifu
drain-punch Zarude
draining-kiss Ralts
draining-kiss Kirlia
draining-kiss Gardevoir
draining-kiss Gallade
draining-kiss Froslass
draining-kiss Spritzee
draining-kiss Spritzee
draining-kiss Aromatisse
draining-kiss Swirlix
draining-kiss Slurpuff
draining-kiss Sylveon
draining-kiss Klefki
draining-kiss Cutiefly
draining-kiss Ribombee
draining-kiss Comfey
draining-kiss Tapu Lele
draining-kiss Milcery
draining-kiss Alcremie
draining-kiss Butterfree
draining-kiss Pikachu
draining-kiss Raichu
draining-kiss Raichu
draining-kiss Clefairy
draining-kiss Clefable
draining-kiss Vulpix
draining-kiss Ninetales
draining-kiss Jigglypuff
draining-kiss Wigglytuff
draining-kiss Jynx
draining-kiss Mew
draining-kiss Cleffa
draining-kiss Igglybuff
draining-kiss Togepi
draining-kiss Togetic
draining-kiss Marill
draining-kiss Azumarill
draining-kiss Smoochum
draining-kiss Ralts
draining-kiss Kirlia
draining-kiss Gardevoir
draining-kiss Azurill
draining-kiss Mawile
draining-kiss Cherubi
draining-kiss Cherrim
draining-kiss Togekiss
draining-kiss Gallade
draining-kiss Froslass
draining-kiss Uxie
draining-kiss Mesprit
draining-kiss Azelf
draining-kiss Audino
draining-kiss Spritzee
draining-kiss Aromatisse
draining-kiss Swirlix
draining-kiss Slurpuff
draining-kiss Sylveon
draining-kiss Klefki
draining-kiss Xerneas
draining-kiss Diancie
draining-kiss Popplio
draining-kiss Brionne
draining-kiss Primarina
draining-kiss Cutiefly
draining-kiss Ribombee
draining-kiss Morelull
draining-kiss Shiinotic
draining-kiss Bounsweet
draining-kiss Steenee
draining-kiss Tsareena
draining-kiss Comfey
draining-kiss Mimikyu
draining-kiss Tapu Lele
draining-kiss Tapu Fini
draining-kiss Magearna
draining-kiss Hatenna
draining-kiss Hattrem
draining-kiss Hatterene
draining-kiss Impidimp
draining-kiss Morgrem
draining-kiss Grimmsnarl
draining-kiss Milcery
draining-kiss Alcremie
draining-kiss Indeedee
draining-kiss Indeedee
draining-kiss Calyrex
draining-kiss Calyrex
draining-kiss Calyrex
dream-eater Gastly
dream-eater Haunter
dream-eater Gengar
dream-eater Articuno
dream-eater Hoothoot
dream-eater Noctowl
dream-eater Ralts
dream-eater Kirlia
dream-eater Gardevoir
dream-eater Spiritomb
dream-eater Gallade
dream-eater Munna
dream-eater Musharna
dream-eater Morelull
dream-eater Shiinotic
dream-eater Lunala
dream-eater Oranguru
drill-peck Zapdos
drill-peck Zapdos
drill-peck Delibird
drill-peck Skarmory
drill-peck Rookidee
drill-peck Corvisquire
drill-peck Corviknight
drill-peck Cramorant
drill-peck Natu
drill-peck Xatu
drill-run Rhyhorn
drill-run Rhydon
drill-run Dunsparce
drill-run Rhyperior
drill-run Drilbur
drill-run Excadrill
drill-run Sandslash
drill-run Sandslash
drill-run Nidoqueen
drill-run Nidoran♂
drill-run Nidorino
drill-run Nidoking
drill-run Rapidash
drill-run Rapidash
drill-run Onix
drill-run Rhyhorn
drill-run Rhydon
drill-run Goldeen
drill-run Seaking
drill-run Lapras
drill-run Mew
drill-run Dunsparce
drill-run Steelix
drill-run Delibird
drill-run Hitmontop
drill-run Baltoy
drill-run Claydol
drill-run Rhyperior
drill-run Drilbur
drill-run Excadrill
drill-run Karrablast
drill-run Escavalier
drill-run Lycanroc
drill-run Lycanroc
drill-run Golisopod
drill-run Pheromosa
drill-run Silicobra
drill-run Sandaconda
drill-run Arrokuda
drill-run Barraskewda
drum-beating Rillaboom
dual-chop Machop
dual-chop Machoke
dual-chop Machamp
dual-chop Sceptile
dual-chop Gabite
dual-chop Garchomp
dual-chop Axew
dual-chop Fraxure
dual-chop Haxorus
dual-chop Lurantis
dual-wingbeat Charizard
dual-wingbeat Butterfree
dual-wingbeat Clefairy
dual-wingbeat Clefable
dual-wingbeat Zubat
dual-wingbeat Golbat
dual-wingbeat Farfetch'd
dual-wingbeat Farfetch'd
dual-wingbeat Scyther
dual-wingbeat Aerodactyl
dual-wingbeat Articuno
dual-wingbeat Articuno
dual-wingbeat Zapdos
dual-wingbeat Zapdos
dual-wingbeat Moltres
dual-wingbeat Moltres
dual-wingbeat Dragonite
dual-wingbeat Mew
dual-wingbeat Hoothoot
dual-wingbeat Noctowl
dual-wingbeat Crobat
dual-wingbeat Togetic
dual-wingbeat Natu
dual-wingbeat Xatu
dual-wingbeat Dunsparce
dual-wingbeat Scizor
dual-wingbeat Delibird
dual-wingbeat Mantine
dual-wingbeat Skarmory
dual-wingbeat Lugia
dual-wingbeat Ho-oh
dual-wingbeat Celebi
dual-wingbeat Wingull
dual-wingbeat Pelipper
dual-wingbeat Ninjask
dual-wingbeat Vibrava
dual-wingbeat Flygon
dual-wingbeat Swablu
dual-wingbeat Altaria
dual-wingbeat Salamence
dual-wingbeat Latias
dual-wingbeat Latios
dual-wingbeat Combee
dual-wingbeat Vespiquen
dual-wingbeat Togekiss
dual-wingbeat Palkia
dual-wingbeat Giratina
dual-wingbeat Giratina
dual-wingbeat Pidove
dual-wingbeat Tranquill
dual-wingbeat Unfezant
dual-wingbeat Woobat
dual-wingbeat Swoobat
dual-wingbeat Sigilyph
dual-wingbeat Archen
dual-wingbeat Archeops
dual-wingbeat Emolga
dual-wingbeat Druddigon
dual-wingbeat Rufflet
dual-wingbeat Braviary
dual-wingbeat Vullaby
dual-wingbeat Mandibuzz
dual-wingbeat Hydreigon
dual-wingbeat Volcarona
dual-wingbeat Reshiram
dual-wingbeat Zekrom
dual-wingbeat Kyurem
dual-wingbeat Kyurem
dual-wingbeat Kyurem
dual-wingbeat Fletchling
dual-wingbeat Fletchinder
dual-wingbeat Talonflame
dual-wingbeat Hawlucha
dual-wingbeat Noibat
dual-wingbeat Noivern
dual-wingbeat Yveltal
dual-wingbeat Rowlet
dual-wingbeat Dartrix
dual-wingbeat Decidueye
dual-wingbeat Vikavolt
dual-wingbeat Cutiefly
dual-wingbeat Ribombee
dual-wingbeat Lunala
dual-wingbeat Buzzwole
dual-wingbeat Naganadel
dual-wingbeat Rookidee
dual-wingbeat Corvisquire
dual-wingbeat Corviknight
dual-wingbeat Flapple
dual-wingbeat Cramorant
dual-wingbeat Sirfetch'd
dual-wingbeat Frosmoth
dynamax-cannon Eternatus
dynamic-punch Poliwrath
dynamic-punch Machop
dynamic-punch Machoke
dynamic-punch Machamp
dynamic-punch Timburr
dynamic-punch Gurdurr
dynamic-punch Conkeldurr
dynamic-punch Golett
dynamic-punch Golurk
dynamic-punch Buzzwole
dynamic-punch Melmetal
dynamic-punch Kubfu
dynamic-punch Urshifu
dynamic-punch Urshifu
dynamic-punch Elekid
dynamic-punch Magby
dynamic-punch Croagunk
dynamic-punch Toxicroak
earth-power Nidoran♀
earth-power Nidorina
earth-power Nidoqueen
earth-power Nidoran♂
earth-power Nidorino
earth-power Nidoking
earth-power Diglett
earth-power Diglett
earth-power Dugtrio
earth-power Dugtrio
earth-power Poliwag
earth-power Poliwhirl
earth-power Poliwrath
earth-power Politoed
earth-power Corsola
earth-power Trapinch
earth-power Vibrava
earth-power Flygon
earth-power Baltoy
earth-power Claydol
earth-power Groudon
earth-power Shellos
earth-power Gastrodon
earth-power Dialga
earth-power Palkia
earth-power Heatran
earth-power Giratina
earth-power Giratina
earth-power Landorus
earth-power Landorus
earth-power Sandygast
earth-power Palossand
earth-power Venusaur
earth-power Sandshrew
earth-power Sandslash
earth-power Nidoran♀
earth-power Nidorina
earth-power Nidoqueen
earth-power Nidoran♂
earth-power Nidorino
earth-power Nidoking
earth-power Diglett
earth-power Diglett
earth-power Dugtrio
earth-power Dugtrio
earth-power Poliwag
earth-power Poliwhirl
earth-power Poliwrath
earth-power Onix
earth-power Cubone
earth-power Marowak
earth-power Marowak
earth-power Rhyhorn
earth-power Rhydon
earth-power Omanyte
earth-power Omastar
earth-power Kabuto
earth-power Kabutops
earth-power Aerodactyl
earth-power Mew
earth-power Sudowoodo
earth-power Politoed
earth-power Wooper
earth-power Quagsire
earth-power Steelix
earth-power Shuckle
earth-power Swinub
earth-power Piloswine
earth-power Corsola
earth-power Corsola
earth-power Larvitar
earth-power Pupitar
earth-power Tyranitar
earth-power Lugia
earth-power Ho-oh
earth-power Celebi
earth-power Mudkip
earth-power Marshtomp
earth-power Swampert
earth-power Aron
earth-power Lairon
earth-power Aggron
earth-power Torkoal
earth-power Trapinch
earth-power Vibrava
earth-power Flygon
earth-power Lunatone
earth-power Solrock
earth-power Barboach
earth-power Whiscash
earth-power Baltoy
earth-power Claydol
earth-power Lileep
earth-power Cradily
earth-power Anorith
earth-power Armaldo
earth-power Relicanth
earth-power Regirock
earth-power Groudon
earth-power Rayquaza
earth-power Shellos
earth-power Gastrodon
earth-power Bonsly
earth-power Gible
earth-power Gabite
earth-power Garchomp
earth-power Hippopotas
earth-power Hippowdon
earth-power Abomasnow
earth-power Rhyperior
earth-power Mamoswine
earth-power Dialga
earth-power Palkia
earth-power Heatran
earth-power Regigigas
earth-power Giratina
earth-power Giratina
earth-power Roggenrola
earth-power Boldore
earth-power Gigalith
earth-power Drilbur
earth-power Excadrill
earth-power Tympole
earth-power Palpitoad
earth-power Seismitoad
earth-power Sandile
earth-power Krokorok
earth-power Krookodile
earth-power Yamask
earth-power Tirtouga
earth-power Carracosta
earth-power Archen
earth-power Archeops
earth-power Stunfisk
earth-power Stunfisk
earth-power Golett
earth-power Golurk
earth-power Deino
earth-power Zweilous
earth-power Hydreigon
earth-power Terrakion
earth-power Reshiram
earth-power Zekrom
earth-power Landorus
earth-power Landorus
earth-power Kyurem
earth-power Kyurem
earth-power Kyurem
earth-power Diggersby
earth-power Barbaracle
earth-power Tyrunt
earth-power Tyrantrum
earth-power Amaura
earth-power Aurorus
earth-power Carbink
earth-power Zygarde
earth-power Diancie
earth-power Volcanion
earth-power Rockruff
earth-power Lycanroc
earth-power Lycanroc
earth-power Lycanroc
earth-power Mudbray
earth-power Mudsdale
earth-power Sandygast
earth-power Palossand
earth-power Necrozma
earth-power Rillaboom
earth-power Drednaw
earth-power Coalossal
earth-power Silicobra
earth-power Sandaconda
earth-power Cursola
earth-power Runerigus
earth-power Stonjourner
earth-power Cufant
earth-power Copperajah
earth-power Dracozolt
earth-power Dracovish
earth-power Bulbasaur
earth-power Ivysaur
earth-power Venusaur
earth-power Oddish
earth-power Gloom
earth-power Vileplume
earth-power Tangela
earth-power Bellossom
earth-power Corsola
earth-power Corsola
earth-power Lotad
earth-power Lombre
earth-power Ludicolo
earth-power Seedot
earth-power Nuzleaf
earth-power Shiftry
earth-power Cherubi
earth-power Cherrim
earth-power Tangrowth
earth-power Cottonee
earth-power Whimsicott
earth-power Amaura
earth-power Aurorus
earth-power Xerneas
earth-power Grookey
earth-power Thwackey
earth-power Rillaboom
earth-power Cursola
earthquake Sandshrew
earthquake Sandslash
earthquake Diglett
earthquake Diglett
earthquake Dugtrio
earthquake Dugtrio
earthquake Rhyhorn
earthquake Rhydon
earthquake Wooper
earthquake Quagsire
earthquake Swinub
earthquake Piloswine
earthquake Larvitar
earthquake Pupitar
earthquake Tyranitar
earthquake Marshtomp
earthquake Swampert
earthquake Trapinch
earthquake Vibrava
earthquake Flygon
earthquake Barboach
earthquake Whiscash
earthquake Groudon
earthquake Hippopotas
earthquake Hippowdon
earthquake Rhyperior
earthquake Mamoswine
earthquake Drilbur
earthquake Excadrill
earthquake Sandile
earthquake Krokorok
earthquake Krookodile
earthquake Yamask
earthquake Golett
earthquake Golurk
earthquake Landorus
earthquake Landorus
earthquake Bunnelby
earthquake Diggersby
earthquake Tyrunt
earthquake Tyrantrum
earthquake Zygarde
earthquake Mudbray
earthquake Mudsdale
earthquake Runerigus
earthquake Venusaur
earthquake Charizard
earthquake Blastoise
earthquake Sandshrew
earthquake Sandshrew
earthquake Sandslash
earthquake Sandslash
earthquake Nidoqueen
earthquake Nidoking
earthquake Diglett
earthquake Diglett
earthquake Dugtrio
earthquake Dugtrio
earthquake Poliwhirl
earthquake Poliwrath
earthquake Machop
earthquake Machoke
earthquake Machamp
earthquake Slowpoke
earthquake Slowpoke
earthquake Slowbro
earthquake Slowbro
earthquake Onix
earthquake Exeggutor
earthquake Cubone
earthquake Marowak
earthquake Marowak
earthquake Hitmonlee
earthquake Hitmonchan
earthquake Lickitung
earthquake Rhyhorn
earthquake Rhydon
earthquake Chansey
earthquake Kangaskhan
earthquake Pinsir
earthquake Tauros
earthquake Gyarados
earthquake Aerodactyl
earthquake Snorlax
earthquake Dragonite
earthquake Mewtwo
earthquake Mew
earthquake Sudowoodo
earthquake Politoed
earthquake Wooper
earthquake Quagsire
earthquake Slowking
earthquake Slowking
earthquake Dunsparce
earthquake Steelix
earthquake Shuckle
earthquake Heracross
earthquake Swinub
earthquake Piloswine
earthquake Corsola
earthquake Corsola
earthquake Mantine
earthquake Tyrogue
earthquake Hitmontop
earthquake Miltank
earthquake Blissey
earthquake Larvitar
earthquake Pupitar
earthquake Tyranitar
earthquake Lugia
earthquake Ho-oh
earthquake Sceptile
earthquake Blaziken
earthquake Marshtomp
earthquake Swampert
earthquake Loudred
earthquake Exploud
earthquake Aron
earthquake Lairon
earthquake Aggron
earthquake Sharpedo
earthquake Wailmer
earthquake Wailord
earthquake Torkoal
earthquake Trapinch
earthquake Vibrava
earthquake Flygon
earthquake Altaria
earthquake Lunatone
earthquake Solrock
earthquake Barboach
earthquake Whiscash
earthquake Baltoy
earthquake Claydol
earthquake Cradily
earthquake Armaldo
earthquake Dusclops
earthquake Glalie
earthquake Spheal
earthquake Sealeo
earthquake Walrein
earthquake Relicanth
earthquake Salamence
earthquake Metang
earthquake Metagross
earthquake Regirock
earthquake Regice
earthquake Registeel
earthquake Latias
earthquake Latios
earthquake Kyogre
earthquake Groudon
earthquake Rayquaza
earthquake Gastrodon
earthquake Bronzor
earthquake Bronzong
earthquake Gible
earthquake Gabite
earthquake Garchomp
earthquake Munchlax
earthquake Riolu
earthquake Lucario
earthquake Hippopotas
earthquake Hippowdon
earthquake Drapion
earthquake Croagunk
earthquake Toxicroak
earthquake Mantyke
earthquake Abomasnow
earthquake Lickilicky
earthquake Rhyperior
earthquake Tangrowth
earthquake Electivire
earthquake Magmortar
earthquake Mamoswine
earthquake Gallade
earthquake Dusknoir
earthquake Dialga
earthquake Palkia
earthquake Heatran
earthquake Regigigas
earthquake Giratina
earthquake Giratina
earthquake Roggenrola
earthquake Boldore
earthquake Gigalith
earthquake Drilbur
earthquake Excadrill
earthquake Conkeldurr
earthquake Seismitoad
earthquake Throh
earthquake Sawk
earthquake Scolipede
earthquake Sandile
earthquake Krokorok
earthquake Krookodile
earthquake Darmanitan
earthquake Darmanitan
earthquake Dwebble
earthquake Crustle
earthquake Yamask
earthquake Tirtouga
earthquake Carracosta
earthquake Archen
earthquake Archeops
earthquake Haxorus
earthquake Stunfisk
earthquake Stunfisk
earthquake Druddigon
earthquake Golett
earthquake Golurk
earthquake Bouffalant
earthquake Hydreigon
earthquake Terrakion
earthquake Landorus
earthquake Landorus
earthquake Bunnelby
earthquake Diggersby
earthquake Pangoro
earthquake Binacle
earthquake Barbaracle
earthquake Tyrunt
earthquake Tyrantrum
earthquake Aurorus
earthquake Goodra
earthquake Trevenant
earthquake Avalugg
earthquake Zygarde
earthquake Volcanion
earthquake Incineroar
earthquake Wishiwashi
earthquake Mudbray
earthquake Mudsdale
earthquake Stufful
earthquake Bewear
earthquake Oranguru
earthquake Passimian
earthquake Sandygast
earthquake Palossand
earthquake Turtonator
earthquake Drampa
earthquake Dhelmise
earthquake Jangmo-o
earthquake Hakamo-o
earthquake Kommo-o
earthquake Solgaleo
earthquake Buzzwole
earthquake Celesteela
earthquake Guzzlord
earthquake Necrozma
earthquake Stakataka
earthquake Melmetal
earthquake Rillaboom
earthquake Greedent
earthquake Drednaw
earthquake Coalossal
earthquake Appletun
earthquake Silicobra
earthquake Sandaconda
earthquake Cursola
earthquake Runerigus
earthquake Stonjourner
earthquake Copperajah
earthquake Dracozolt
earthquake Dracovish
echoed-voice Jigglypuff
echoed-voice Wigglytuff
echoed-voice Chansey
echoed-voice Hoothoot
echoed-voice Noctowl
echoed-voice Blissey
echoed-voice Whismur
echoed-voice Loudred
echoed-voice Exploud
echoed-voice Tympole
echoed-voice Palpitoad
echoed-voice Seismitoad
echoed-voice Minccino
echoed-voice Cinccino
echoed-voice Spritzee
echoed-voice Aromatisse
echoed-voice Drampa
echoed-voice Arctozolt
eerie-impulse Lanturn
eerie-impulse Heliolisk
eerie-impulse Xurkitree
eerie-impulse Toxtricity
eerie-impulse Toxtricity
eerie-impulse Raichu
eerie-impulse Porygon
eerie-impulse Zapdos
eerie-impulse Mew
eerie-impulse Lanturn
eerie-impulse Wooper
eerie-impulse Quagsire
eerie-impulse Porygon2
eerie-impulse Raikou
eerie-impulse Electrike
eerie-impulse Manectric
eerie-impulse Baltoy
eerie-impulse Claydol
eerie-impulse Shinx
eerie-impulse Luxio
eerie-impulse Luxray
eerie-impulse Porygon-Z
eerie-impulse Rotom
eerie-impulse Rotom
eerie-impulse Rotom
eerie-impulse Rotom
eerie-impulse Rotom
eerie-impulse Rotom
eerie-impulse Emolga
eerie-impulse Stunfisk
eerie-impulse Thundurus
eerie-impulse Thundurus
eerie-impulse Heliolisk
eerie-impulse Dedenne
eerie-impulse Charjabug
eerie-impulse Vikavolt
eerie-impulse Togedemaru
eerie-impulse Tapu Koko
eerie-impulse Xurkitree
eerie-impulse Magearna
eerie-impulse Boltund
eerie-impulse Toxtricity
eerie-impulse Toxtricity
eerie-impulse Regieleki
eerie-spell Slowking
egg-bomb Exeggutor
egg-bomb Exeggutor
egg-bomb Chansey
egg-bomb Blissey
egg-bomb Exeggcute
egg-bomb Mew
electric-terrain Magneton
electric-terrain Manectric
electric-terrain Luxray
electric-terrain Magnezone
electric-terrain Klinklang
electric-terrain Stunfisk
electric-terrain Togedemaru
electric-terrain Tapu Koko
electric-terrain Xurkitree
electric-terrain Boltund
electric-terrain Pincurchin
electric-terrain Pikachu
electric-terrain Raichu
electric-terrain Raichu
electric-terrain Magneton
electric-terrain Mew
electric-terrain Pichu
electric-terrain Raikou
electric-terrain Manectric
electric-terrain Luxray
electric-terrain Magnezone
electric-terrain Electivire
electric-terrain Rotom
electric-terrain Rotom
electric-terrain Rotom
electric-terrain Rotom
electric-terrain Rotom
electric-terrain Rotom
electric-terrain Klinklang
electric-terrain Stunfisk
electric-terrain Helioptile
electric-terrain Heliolisk
electric-terrain Dedenne
electric-terrain Togedemaru
electric-terrain Tapu Koko
electric-terrain Xurkitree
electric-terrain Zeraora
electric-terrain Melmetal
electric-terrain Boltund
electric-terrain Pincurchin
electric-terrain Morpeko
electric-terrain Regieleki
electrify Helioptile
electrify Heliolisk
electrify Boltund
electro-ball Pikachu
electro-ball Raichu
electro-ball Raichu
electro-ball Magnemite
electro-ball Magneton
electro-ball Chinchou
electro-ball Lanturn
electro-ball Magnezone
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Joltik
electro-ball Galvantula
electro-ball Pikachu
electro-ball Raichu
electro-ball Raichu
electro-ball Magnemite
electro-ball Magneton
electro-ball Electabuzz
electro-ball Jolteon
electro-ball Mewtwo
electro-ball Mew
electro-ball Chinchou
electro-ball Lanturn
electro-ball Elekid
electro-ball Electrike
electro-ball Manectric
electro-ball Shinx
electro-ball Luxio
electro-ball Luxray
electro-ball Magnezone
electro-ball Electivire
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Rotom
electro-ball Emolga
electro-ball Joltik
electro-ball Galvantula
electro-ball Thundurus
electro-ball Thundurus
electro-ball Zekrom
electro-ball Helioptile
electro-ball Heliolisk
electro-ball Dedenne
electro-ball Charjabug
electro-ball Vikavolt
electro-ball Togedemaru
electro-ball Tapu Koko
electro-ball Xurkitree
electro-ball Magearna
electro-ball Zeraora
electro-ball Scorbunny
electro-ball Raboot
electro-ball Cinderace
electro-ball Wooloo
electro-ball Dubwool
electro-ball Yamper
electro-ball Boltund
electro-ball Toxtricity
electro-ball Toxtricity
electro-ball Morpeko
electro-ball Dracozolt
electro-ball Arctozolt
electro-ball Regieleki
electroweb Joltik
electroweb Galvantula
electroweb Regieleki
electroweb Caterpie
electroweb Metapod
electroweb Butterfree
electroweb Pikachu
electroweb Raichu
electroweb Raichu
electroweb Magnemite
electroweb Magneton
electroweb Electabuzz
electroweb Porygon
electroweb Mew
electroweb Pichu
electroweb Porygon2
electroweb Elekid
electroweb Magnezone
electroweb Electivire
electroweb Porygon-Z
electroweb Rotom
electroweb Rotom
electroweb Rotom
electroweb Rotom
electroweb Rotom
electroweb Rotom
electroweb Emolga
electroweb Joltik
electroweb Galvantula
electroweb Stunfisk
electroweb Thundurus
electroweb Thundurus
electroweb Genesect
electroweb Helioptile
electroweb Heliolisk
electroweb Dedenne
electroweb Grubbin
electroweb Charjabug
electroweb Vikavolt
electroweb Passimian
electroweb Togedemaru
electroweb Tapu Koko
electroweb Pheromosa
electroweb Xurkitree
electroweb Magearna
electroweb Zeraora
electroweb Morpeko
electroweb Regieleki
embargo Houndour
embargo Houndoom
embargo Poochyena
embargo Mightyena
embargo Zangoose
embargo Lunatone
embargo Solrock
embargo Shuppet
embargo Banette
embargo Weavile
embargo Porygon-Z
embargo Sandile
embargo Krokorok
embargo Krookodile
embargo Zorua
embargo Zoroark
embargo Gothita
embargo Gothorita
embargo Gothitelle
embargo Pawniard
embargo Bisharp
embargo Vullaby
embargo Mandibuzz
embargo Rattata
embargo Raticate
embargo Meowth
embargo Persian
embargo Persian
embargo Abra
embargo Kadabra
embargo Alakazam
embargo Grimer
embargo Muk
embargo Gastly
embargo Haunter
embargo Gengar
embargo Mewtwo
embargo Mew
embargo Murkrow
embargo Misdreavus
embargo Sneasel
embargo Houndour
embargo Houndoom
embargo Poochyena
embargo Mightyena
embargo Nuzleaf
embargo Shiftry
embargo Sableye
embargo Mawile
embargo Cacturne
embargo Zangoose
embargo Lunatone
embargo Solrock
embargo Shuppet
embargo Banette
embargo Duskull
embargo Dusclops
embargo Drifloon
embargo Drifblim
embargo Mismagius
embargo Honchkrow
embargo Spiritomb
embargo Croagunk
embargo Toxicroak
embargo Weavile
embargo Porygon-Z
embargo Dusknoir
embargo Froslass
embargo Darkrai
embargo Victini
embargo Purrloin
embargo Liepard
embargo Woobat
embargo Swoobat
embargo Sandile
embargo Krokorok
embargo Krookodile
embargo Yamask
embargo Cofagrigus
embargo Zorua
embargo Zoroark
embargo Gothita
embargo Gothorita
embargo Gothitelle
embargo Solosis
embargo Duosion
embargo Reuniclus
embargo Elgyem
embargo Beheeyem
embargo Litwick
embargo Lampent
embargo Chandelure
embargo Pawniard
embargo Bisharp
embargo Vullaby
embargo Mandibuzz
embargo Tornadus
embargo Thundurus
embargo Meloetta
embargo Fennekin
embargo Braixen
embargo Delphox
embargo Pangoro
embargo Inkay
embargo Malamar
embargo Binacle
embargo Barbaracle
embargo Yveltal
embargo Hoopa
embargo Hoopa
embargo Incineroar
embargo Oricorio
embargo Oranguru
embargo Palossand
embargo Mimikyu
embargo Bruxish
embargo Dhelmise
embargo Necrozma
embargo Magearna
ember Charmander
ember Charmeleon
ember Charizard
ember Vulpix
ember Ninetales
ember Growlithe
ember Arcanine
ember Ponyta
ember Rapidash
ember Magmar
ember Flareon
ember Moltres
ember Magby
ember Entei
ember Torchic
ember Combusken
ember Blaziken
ember Torkoal
ember Bagon
ember Shelgon
ember Salamence
ember Magmortar
ember Darumaka
ember Darmanitan
ember Litwick
ember Lampent
ember Chandelure
ember Larvesta
ember Volcarona
ember Fletchling
ember Fletchinder
ember Talonflame
ember Litten
ember Torracat
ember Incineroar
ember Salandit
ember Salazzle
ember Turtonator
ember Blacephalon
ember Scorbunny
ember Raboot
ember Cinderace
ember Sizzlipede
ember Centiskorch
encore Clefairy
encore Clefable
encore Mr. Mime
encore Mr. Mime
encore Cleffa
encore Wobbuffet
encore Wynaut
encore Spheal
encore Sealeo
encore Walrein
encore Mime Jr.
encore Minccino
encore Cinccino
encore Emolga
encore Amaura
encore Aurorus
encore Hawlucha
encore Popplio
encore Brionne
encore Primarina
encore Salazzle
encore Mr. Rime
encore Indeedee
encore Pikachu
encore Raichu
encore Raichu
encore Clefairy
encore Clefable
encore Vulpix
encore Vulpix
encore Ninetales
encore Ninetales
encore Psyduck
encore Golduck
encore Poliwag
encore Poliwhirl
encore Poliwrath
encore Abra
encore Kadabra
encore Alakazam
encore Machop
encore Machoke
encore Machamp
encore Haunter
encore Gengar
encore Mr. Mime
encore Mr. Mime
encore Jynx
encore Snorlax
encore Mew
encore Pichu
encore Cleffa
encore Togepi
encore Togetic
encore Marill
encore Azumarill
encore Politoed
encore Wooper
encore Quagsire
encore Wobbuffet
encore Shuckle
encore Smoochum
encore Lombre
encore Ludicolo
encore Ralts
encore Kirlia
encore Gardevoir
encore Azurill
encore Sableye
encore Wynaut
encore Spheal
encore Sealeo
encore Walrein
encore Jirachi
encore Buneary
encore Lopunny
encore Mime Jr.
encore Munchlax
encore Croagunk
encore Toxicroak
encore Togekiss
encore Gallade
encore Uxie
encore Mesprit
encore Azelf
encore Victini
encore Purrloin
encore Liepard
encore Audino
encore Cottonee
encore Whimsicott
encore Petilil
encore Lilligant
encore Darumaka
encore Darumaka
encore Darmanitan
encore Darmanitan
encore Zoroark
encore Minccino
encore Cinccino
encore Solosis
encore Duosion
encore Reuniclus
encore Emolga
encore Karrablast
encore Escavalier
encore Cubchoo
encore Beartic
encore Shelmet
encore Accelgor
encore Spritzee
encore Aromatisse
encore Amaura
encore Aurorus
encore Hawlucha
encore Diancie
encore Popplio
encore Brionne
encore Primarina
encore Salazzle
encore Comfey
encore Oranguru
encore Togedemaru
encore Magearna
encore Blacephalon
encore Toxel
encore Toxtricity
encore Toxtricity
encore Mr. Rime
encore Alcremie
encore Indeedee
encore Zarude
encore Calyrex
encore Calyrex
encore Calyrex
endeavor Cubone
endeavor Marowak
endeavor Marowak
endeavor Dunsparce
endeavor Hitmontop
endeavor Treecko
endeavor Grovyle
endeavor Sceptile
endeavor Mudkip
endeavor Marshtomp
endeavor Swampert
endeavor Corphish
endeavor Crawdaunt
endeavor Woobat
endeavor Swoobat
endeavor Cottonee
endeavor Whimsicott
endeavor Archen
endeavor Archeops
endeavor Solosis
endeavor Duosion
endeavor Reuniclus
endeavor Kyurem
endeavor Kyurem
endeavor Kyurem
endeavor Swirlix
endeavor Slurpuff
endeavor Hawlucha
endeavor Wishiwashi
endeavor Salandit
endeavor Salazzle
endeavor Marshadow
endeavor Grookey
endeavor Thwackey
endeavor Rillaboom
endeavor Poliwag
endeavor Poliwhirl
endeavor Poliwrath
endeavor Tangela
endeavor Kangaskhan
endeavor Politoed
endeavor Whismur
endeavor Loudred
endeavor Exploud
endeavor Aron
endeavor Tangrowth
endeavor Basculin
endeavor Axew
endeavor Fraxure
endeavor Haxorus
endeavor Bouffalant
endeavor Rockruff
endeavor Lycanroc
endeavor Lycanroc
endeavor Bounsweet
endeavor Steenee
endeavor Tsareena
endeavor Toxel
endeavor Toxtricity
endeavor Toxtricity
endure Hitmonlee
endure Kangaskhan
endure Moltres
endure Moltres
endure Heracross
endure Swinub
endure Piloswine
endure Corsola
endure Riolu
endure Mamoswine
endure Uxie
endure Victini
endure Throh
endure Sawk
endure Karrablast
endure Escavalier
endure Cubchoo
endure Beartic
endure Stunfisk
endure Stunfisk
endure Lycanroc
endure Lycanroc
endure Stufful
endure Bewear
endure Turtonator
endure Buzzwole
endure Falinks
endure Kubfu
endure Urshifu
endure Urshifu
endure Bulbasaur
endure Ivysaur
endure Venusaur
endure Charmander
endure Charmeleon
endure Charizard
endure Squirtle
endure Wartortle
endure Blastoise
endure Butterfree
endure Pikachu
endure Raichu
endure Raichu
endure Sandshrew
endure Sandshrew
endure Sandslash
endure Sandslash
endure Nidoran♀
endure Nidorina
endure Nidoqueen
endure Nidoran♂
endure Nidorino
endure Nidoking
endure Clefairy
endure Clefable
endure Vulpix
endure Vulpix
endure Ninetales
endure Ninetales
endure Jigglypuff
endure Wigglytuff
endure Zubat
endure Golbat
endure Oddish
endure Gloom
endure Vileplume
endure Diglett
endure Diglett
endure Dugtrio
endure Dugtrio
endure Meowth
endure Meowth
endure Meowth
endure Persian
endure Persian
endure Psyduck
endure Golduck
endure Growlithe
endure Arcanine
endure Poliwag
endure Poliwhirl
endure Poliwrath
endure Abra
endure Kadabra
endure Alakazam
endure Machop
endure Machoke
endure Machamp
endure Tentacool
endure Tentacruel
endure Ponyta
endure Ponyta
endure Rapidash
endure Rapidash
endure Slowpoke
endure Slowpoke
endure Slowbro
endure Slowbro
endure Magnemite
endure Magneton
endure Farfetch'd
endure Farfetch'd
endure Shellder
endure Cloyster
endure Gastly
endure Haunter
endure Gengar
endure Onix
endure Krabby
endure Kingler
endure Exeggcute
endure Exeggutor
endure Exeggutor
endure Cubone
endure Marowak
endure Marowak
endure Hitmonlee
endure Hitmonchan
endure Lickitung
endure Koffing
endure Weezing
endure Weezing
endure Rhyhorn
endure Rhydon
endure Chansey
endure Tangela
endure Kangaskhan
endure Horsea
endure Seadra
endure Goldeen
endure Seaking
endure Staryu
endure Starmie
endure Mr. Mime
endure Mr. Mime
endure Scyther
endure Jynx
endure Electabuzz
endure Magmar
endure Pinsir
endure Tauros
endure Gyarados
endure Lapras
endure Eevee
endure Vaporeon
endure Jolteon
endure Flareon
endure Porygon
endure Omanyte
endure Omastar
endure Kabuto
endure Kabutops
endure Aerodactyl
endure Snorlax
endure Articuno
endure Articuno
endure Zapdos
endure Zapdos
endure Moltres
endure Moltres
endure Dratini
endure Dragonair
endure Dragonite
endure Mewtwo
endure Mew
endure Hoothoot
endure Noctowl
endure Crobat
endure Chinchou
endure Lanturn
endure Pichu
endure Cleffa
endure Igglybuff
endure Togepi
endure Togetic
endure Natu
endure Xatu
endure Bellossom
endure Marill
endure Azumarill
endure Sudowoodo
endure Politoed
endure Wooper
endure Quagsire
endure Espeon
endure Umbreon
endure Slowking
endure Slowking
endure Dunsparce
endure Steelix
endure Qwilfish
endure Scizor
endure Shuckle
endure Heracross
endure Sneasel
endure Swinub
endure Piloswine
endure Corsola
endure Corsola
endure Remoraid
endure Octillery
endure Delibird
endure Mantine
endure Skarmory
endure Kingdra
endure Porygon2
endure Tyrogue
endure Hitmontop
endure Smoochum
endure Elekid
endure Magby
endure Miltank
endure Blissey
endure Raikou
endure Entei
endure Suicune
endure Larvitar
endure Pupitar
endure Tyranitar
endure Lugia
endure Ho-oh
endure Celebi
endure Treecko
endure Grovyle
endure Sceptile
endure Torchic
endure Combusken
endure Blaziken
endure Mudkip
endure Marshtomp
endure Swampert
endure Zigzagoon
endure Zigzagoon
endure Linoone
endure Linoone
endure Lotad
endure Lombre
endure Ludicolo
endure Seedot
endure Nuzleaf
endure Shiftry
endure Wingull
endure Pelipper
endure Ralts
endure Kirlia
endure Gardevoir
endure Nincada
endure Ninjask
endure Shedinja
endure Whismur
endure Loudred
endure Exploud
endure Azurill
endure Sableye
endure Mawile
endure Aron
endure Lairon
endure Aggron
endure Electrike
endure Manectric
endure Roselia
endure Carvanha
endure Sharpedo
endure Wailmer
endure Wailord
endure Torkoal
endure Trapinch
endure Vibrava
endure Flygon
endure Swablu
endure Altaria
endure Lunatone
endure Solrock
endure Barboach
endure Whiscash
endure Corphish
endure Crawdaunt
endure Baltoy
endure Claydol
endure Lileep
endure Cradily
endure Anorith
endure Armaldo
endure Feebas
endure Milotic
endure Duskull
endure Dusclops
endure Absol
endure Snorunt
endure Glalie
endure Spheal
endure Sealeo
endure Walrein
endure Relicanth
endure Bagon
endure Shelgon
endure Salamence
endure Metang
endure Metagross
endure Regirock
endure Regice
endure Registeel
endure Latias
endure Latios
endure Kyogre
endure Groudon
endure Rayquaza
endure Jirachi
endure Shinx
endure Luxio
endure Luxray
endure Budew
endure Roserade
endure Vespiquen
endure Cherubi
endure Cherrim
endure Shellos
endure Gastrodon
endure Drifloon
endure Drifblim
endure Buneary
endure Lopunny
endure Stunky
endure Skuntank
endure Bronzor
endure Bronzong
endure Bonsly
endure Mime Jr.
endure Happiny
endure Spiritomb
endure Gible
endure Gabite
endure Garchomp
endure Munchlax
endure Riolu
endure Lucario
endure Hippopotas
endure Hippowdon
endure Skorupi
endure Drapion
endure Croagunk
endure Toxicroak
endure Mantyke
endure Snover
endure Abomasnow
endure Weavile
endure Magnezone
endure Lickilicky
endure Rhyperior
endure Tangrowth
endure Electivire
endure Magmortar
endure Togekiss
endure Leafeon
endure Glaceon
endure Mamoswine
endure Porygon-Z
endure Gallade
endure Dusknoir
endure Froslass
endure Rotom
endure Rotom
endure Rotom
endure Rotom
endure Rotom
endure Rotom
endure Uxie
endure Mesprit
endure Azelf
endure Dialga
endure Palkia
endure Heatran
endure Regigigas
endure Giratina
endure Giratina
endure Cresselia
endure Victini
endure Lillipup
endure Herdier
endure Stoutland
endure Purrloin
endure Liepard
endure Munna
endure Musharna
endure Pidove
endure Tranquill
endure Unfezant
endure Roggenrola
endure Boldore
endure Gigalith
endure Woobat
endure Swoobat
endure Drilbur
endure Excadrill
endure Audino
endure Timburr
endure Gurdurr
endure Conkeldurr
endure Tympole
endure Palpitoad
endure Seismitoad
endure Throh
endure Sawk
endure Venipede
endure Whirlipede
endure Scolipede
endure Cottonee
endure Whimsicott
endure Petilil
endure Lilligant
endure Basculin
endure Sandile
endure Krokorok
endure Krookodile
endure Darumaka
endure Darumaka
endure Darmanitan
endure Darmanitan
endure Maractus
endure Dwebble
endure Crustle
endure Scraggy
endure Scrafty
endure Sigilyph
endure Yamask
endure Yamask
endure Cofagrigus
endure Tirtouga
endure Carracosta
endure Archen
endure Archeops
endure Trubbish
endure Garbodor
endure Zorua
endure Zoroark
endure Minccino
endure Cinccino
endure Gothita
endure Gothorita
endure Gothitelle
endure Solosis
endure Duosion
endure Reuniclus
endure Vanillite
endure Vanillish
endure Vanilluxe
endure Emolga
endure Karrablast
endure Escavalier
endure Foongus
endure Amoonguss
endure Frillish
endure Jellicent
endure Joltik
endure Galvantula
endure Ferroseed
endure Ferrothorn
endure Klink
endure Klang
endure Klinklang
endure Elgyem
endure Beheeyem
endure Litwick
endure Lampent
endure Chandelure
endure Axew
endure Fraxure
endure Haxorus
endure Cubchoo
endure Beartic
endure Cryogonal
endure Shelmet
endure Accelgor
endure Stunfisk
endure Stunfisk
endure Mienfoo
endure Mienshao
endure Druddigon
endure Golett
endure Golurk
endure Pawniard
endure Bisharp
endure Bouffalant
endure Rufflet
endure Braviary
endure Vullaby
endure Mandibuzz
endure Heatmor
endure Durant
endure Deino
endure Zweilous
endure Hydreigon
endure Larvesta
endure Volcarona
endure Cobalion
endure Terrakion
endure Virizion
endure Tornadus
endure Tornadus
endure Thundurus
endure Thundurus
endure Reshiram
endure Zekrom
endure Landorus
endure Landorus
endure Kyurem
endure Kyurem
endure Kyurem
endure Keldeo
endure Genesect
endure Bunnelby
endure Diggersby
endure Fletchling
endure Fletchinder
endure Talonflame
endure Pancham
endure Pangoro
endure Espurr
endure Meowstic
endure Meowstic
endure Honedge
endure Doublade
endure Aegislash
endure Aegislash
endure Spritzee
endure Aromatisse
endure Swirlix
endure Slurpuff
endure Inkay
endure Malamar
endure Binacle
endure Barbaracle
endure Skrelp
endure Dragalge
endure Clauncher
endure Clawitzer
endure Helioptile
endure Heliolisk
endure Tyrunt
endure Tyrantrum
endure Amaura
endure Aurorus
endure Sylveon
endure Hawlucha
endure Dedenne
endure Carbink
endure Goomy
endure Sliggoo
endure Goodra
endure Klefki
endure Phantump
endure Trevenant
endure Pumpkaboo
endure Gourgeist
endure Bergmite
endure Avalugg
endure Noibat
endure Noivern
endure Xerneas
endure Yveltal
endure Zygarde
endure Diancie
endure Volcanion
endure Rowlet
endure Dartrix
endure Decidueye
endure Litten
endure Torracat
endure Incineroar
endure Popplio
endure Brionne
endure Primarina
endure Grubbin
endure Charjabug
endure Vikavolt
endure Cutiefly
endure Ribombee
endure Rockruff
endure Lycanroc
endure Lycanroc
endure Lycanroc
endure Wishiwashi
endure Mareanie
endure Toxapex
endure Mudbray
endure Mudsdale
endure Dewpider
endure Araquanid
endure Fomantis
endure Lurantis
endure Morelull
endure Shiinotic
endure Salandit
endure Salazzle
endure Stufful
endure Bewear
endure Bounsweet
endure Steenee
endure Tsareena
endure Comfey
endure Oranguru
endure Passimian
endure Wimpod
endure Golisopod
endure Sandygast
endure Palossand
endure Pyukumuku
endure Type: Null
endure Silvally
endure Turtonator
endure Togedemaru
endure Mimikyu
endure Drampa
endure Dhelmise
endure Jangmo-o
endure Hakamo-o
endure Kommo-o
endure Tapu Koko
endure Tapu Lele
endure Tapu Bulu
endure Tapu Fini
endure Solgaleo
endure Lunala
endure Nihilego
endure Buzzwole
endure Pheromosa
endure Xurkitree
endure Celesteela
endure Kartana
endure Guzzlord
endure Necrozma
endure Magearna
endure Marshadow
endure Poipole
endure Naganadel
endure Stakataka
endure Blacephalon
endure Zeraora
endure Meltan
endure Melmetal
endure Grookey
endure Thwackey
endure Rillaboom
endure Scorbunny
endure Raboot
endure Cinderace
endure Sobble
endure Drizzile
endure Inteleon
endure Skwovet
endure Greedent
endure Rookidee
endure Corvisquire
endure Corviknight
endure Dottler
endure Orbeetle
endure Nickit
endure Thievul
endure Gossifleur
endure Eldegoss
endure Wooloo
endure Dubwool
endure Chewtle
endure Drednaw
endure Yamper
endure Boltund
endure Rolycoly
endure Carkol
endure Coalossal
endure Flapple
endure Appletun
endure Silicobra
endure Sandaconda
endure Cramorant
endure Arrokuda
endure Barraskewda
endure Toxel
endure Toxtricity
endure Toxtricity
endure Sizzlipede
endure Centiskorch
endure Clobbopus
endure Grapploct
endure Sinistea
endure Polteageist
endure Hatenna
endure Hattrem
endure Hatterene
endure Impidimp
endure Morgrem
endure Grimmsnarl
endure Obstagoon
endure Perrserker
endure Cursola
endure Sirfetch'd
endure Mr. Rime
endure Runerigus
endure Milcery
endure Alcremie
endure Falinks
endure Pincurchin
endure Snom
endure Frosmoth
endure Stonjourner
endure Eiscue
endure Indeedee
endure Indeedee
endure Morpeko
endure Cufant
endure Copperajah
endure Dracozolt
endure Arctozolt
endure Dracovish
endure Arctovish
endure Duraludon
endure Dreepy
endure Drakloak
endure Dragapult
endure Zacian
endure Zamazenta
endure Eternatus
endure Kubfu
endure Urshifu
endure Urshifu
endure Zarude
endure Regieleki
endure Regidrago
endure Glastrier
endure Spectrier
endure Calyrex
endure Calyrex
endure Calyrex
energy-ball Treecko
energy-ball Grovyle
energy-ball Sceptile
energy-ball Lotad
energy-ball Lombre
energy-ball Ludicolo
energy-ball Lileep
energy-ball Cradily
energy-ball Cottonee
energy-ball Whimsicott
energy-ball Petilil
energy-ball Lilligant
energy-ball Swirlix
energy-ball Slurpuff
energy-ball Dhelmise
energy-ball Appletun
energy-ball Zarude
energy-ball Calyrex
energy-ball Calyrex
energy-ball Calyrex
energy-ball Bulbasaur
energy-ball Ivysaur
energy-ball Venusaur
energy-ball Butterfree
energy-ball Vulpix
energy-ball Ninetales
energy-ball Oddish
energy-ball Gloom
energy-ball Vileplume
energy-ball Abra
energy-ball Kadabra
energy-ball Alakazam
energy-ball Gastly
energy-ball Haunter
energy-ball Gengar
energy-ball Exeggcute
energy-ball Exeggutor
energy-ball Exeggutor
energy-ball Tangela
energy-ball Mr. Mime
energy-ball Mr. Mime
energy-ball Jynx
energy-ball Mewtwo
energy-ball Mew
energy-ball Bellossom
energy-ball Octillery
energy-ball Celebi
energy-ball Treecko
energy-ball Grovyle
energy-ball Sceptile
energy-ball Lotad
energy-ball Lombre
energy-ball Ludicolo
energy-ball Seedot
energy-ball Nuzleaf
energy-ball Shiftry
energy-ball Gardevoir
energy-ball Roselia
energy-ball Lileep
energy-ball Cradily
energy-ball Latias
energy-ball Latios
energy-ball Rayquaza
energy-ball Jirachi
energy-ball Budew
energy-ball Roserade
energy-ball Cherubi
energy-ball Cherrim
energy-ball Snover
energy-ball Abomasnow
energy-ball Tangrowth
energy-ball Leafeon
energy-ball Gallade
energy-ball Uxie
energy-ball Mesprit
energy-ball Azelf
energy-ball Giratina
energy-ball Giratina
energy-ball Cresselia
energy-ball Victini
energy-ball Munna
energy-ball Musharna
energy-ball Woobat
energy-ball Swoobat
energy-ball Cottonee
energy-ball Whimsicott
energy-ball Petilil
energy-ball Lilligant
energy-ball Maractus
energy-ball Sigilyph
energy-ball Yamask
energy-ball Yamask
energy-ball Cofagrigus
energy-ball Gothita
energy-ball Gothorita
energy-ball Gothitelle
energy-ball Solosis
energy-ball Duosion
energy-ball Reuniclus
energy-ball Emolga
energy-ball Karrablast
energy-ball Escavalier
energy-ball Foongus
energy-ball Amoonguss
energy-ball Frillish
energy-ball Jellicent
energy-ball Joltik
energy-ball Galvantula
energy-ball Ferroseed
energy-ball Ferrothorn
energy-ball Elgyem
energy-ball Beheeyem
energy-ball Litwick
energy-ball Lampent
energy-ball Chandelure
energy-ball Shelmet
energy-ball Accelgor
energy-ball Durant
energy-ball Virizion
energy-ball Genesect
energy-ball Espurr
energy-ball Meowstic
energy-ball Meowstic
energy-ball Spritzee
energy-ball Aromatisse
energy-ball Swirlix
energy-ball Slurpuff
energy-ball Phantump
energy-ball Trevenant
energy-ball Pumpkaboo
energy-ball Gourgeist
energy-ball Rowlet
energy-ball Dartrix
energy-ball Decidueye
energy-ball Primarina
energy-ball Vikavolt
energy-ball Cutiefly
energy-ball Ribombee
energy-ball Fomantis
energy-ball Lurantis
energy-ball Morelull
energy-ball Shiinotic
energy-ball Bounsweet
energy-ball Steenee
energy-ball Tsareena
energy-ball Comfey
energy-ball Oranguru
energy-ball Passimian
energy-ball Sandygast
energy-ball Palossand
energy-ball Drampa
energy-ball Dhelmise
energy-ball Tapu Lele
energy-ball Tapu Bulu
energy-ball Xurkitree
energy-ball Celesteela
energy-ball Magearna
energy-ball Grookey
energy-ball Thwackey
energy-ball Rillaboom
energy-ball Dottler
energy-ball Orbeetle
energy-ball Gossifleur
energy-ball Eldegoss
energy-ball Flapple
energy-ball Appletun
energy-ball Mr. Rime
energy-ball Runerigus
energy-ball Alcremie
energy-ball Indeedee
energy-ball Indeedee
energy-ball Zarude
energy-ball Calyrex
energy-ball Calyrex
energy-ball Calyrex
energy-ball Bulbasaur
energy-ball Ivysaur
energy-ball Venusaur
energy-ball Oddish
energy-ball Gloom
energy-ball Vileplume
energy-ball Tangela
energy-ball Bellossom
energy-ball Corsola
energy-ball Corsola
energy-ball Lotad
energy-ball Lombre
energy-ball Ludicolo
energy-ball Seedot
energy-ball Nuzleaf
energy-ball Shiftry
energy-ball Cherubi
energy-ball Cherrim
energy-ball Tangrowth
energy-ball Cottonee
energy-ball Whimsicott
energy-ball Amaura
energy-ball Aurorus
energy-ball Xerneas
energy-ball Grookey
energy-ball Thwackey
energy-ball Rillaboom
energy-ball Cursola
entrainment Buneary
entrainment Lopunny
entrainment Audino
entrainment Petilil
entrainment Lilligant
entrainment Durant
entrainment Pancham
entrainment Pangoro
entrainment Dedenne
entrainment Dewpider
entrainment Araquanid
entrainment Milcery
entrainment Alcremie
entrainment Clauncher
entrainment Clawitzer
entrainment Hawlucha
eruption Entei
eruption Torkoal
eruption Groudon
esper-wing Braviary
eternabeam Eternatus
expanding-force Raichu
expanding-force Wigglytuff
expanding-force Kadabra
expanding-force Alakazam
expanding-force Ponyta
expanding-force Rapidash
expanding-force Slowpoke
expanding-force Slowpoke
expanding-force Slowbro
expanding-force Slowbro
expanding-force Exeggutor
expanding-force Starmie
expanding-force Mr. Mime
expanding-force Mr. Mime
expanding-force Jynx
expanding-force Articuno
expanding-force Mewtwo
expanding-force Mew
expanding-force Natu
expanding-force Xatu
expanding-force Espeon
expanding-force Slowking
expanding-force Slowking
expanding-force Celebi
expanding-force Ralts
expanding-force Kirlia
expanding-force Gardevoir
expanding-force Baltoy
expanding-force Claydol
expanding-force Metang
expanding-force Metagross
expanding-force Jirachi
expanding-force Bronzor
expanding-force Bronzong
expanding-force Gallade
expanding-force Uxie
expanding-force Mesprit
expanding-force Azelf
expanding-force Cresselia
expanding-force Victini
expanding-force Munna
expanding-force Musharna
expanding-force Woobat
expanding-force Swoobat
expanding-force Darmanitan
expanding-force Sigilyph
expanding-force Gothita
expanding-force Gothorita
expanding-force Gothitelle
expanding-force Solosis
expanding-force Duosion
expanding-force Reuniclus
expanding-force Elgyem
expanding-force Beheeyem
expanding-force Espurr
expanding-force Meowstic
expanding-force Meowstic
expanding-force Inkay
expanding-force Malamar
expanding-force Oranguru
expanding-force Solgaleo
expanding-force Lunala
expanding-force Necrozma
expanding-force Blacephalon
expanding-force Dottler
expanding-force Orbeetle
expanding-force Hatenna
expanding-force Hattrem
expanding-force Hatterene
expanding-force Mr. Rime
expanding-force Indeedee
expanding-force Indeedee
expanding-force Calyrex
expanding-force Calyrex
expanding-force Calyrex
explosion Koffing
explosion Weezing
explosion Weezing
explosion Seedot
explosion Nuzleaf
explosion Shiftry
explosion Lunatone
explosion Solrock
explosion Baltoy
explosion Claydol
explosion Regirock
explosion Regice
explosion Registeel
explosion Drifloon
explosion Drifblim
explosion Stunky
explosion Skuntank
explosion Azelf
explosion Roggenrola
explosion Boldore
explosion Gigalith
explosion Trubbish
explosion Garbodor
explosion Ferroseed
explosion Ferrothorn
explosion Gourgeist
explosion Volcanion
explosion Silvally
explosion Turtonator
explosion Regieleki
explosion Regidrago
explosion Vanillite
explosion Vanillish
explosion Vanilluxe
explosion Rolycoly
explosion Carkol
explosion Coalossal
extrasensory Vulpix
extrasensory Vulpix
extrasensory Ninetales
extrasensory Ninetales
extrasensory Exeggcute
extrasensory Exeggutor
extrasensory Exeggutor
extrasensory Hoothoot
extrasensory Noctowl
extrasensory Raikou
extrasensory Entei
extrasensory Suicune
extrasensory Lugia
extrasensory Ho-oh
extrasensory Nuzleaf
extrasensory Shiftry
extrasensory Baltoy
extrasensory Claydol
extrasensory Bronzor
extrasensory Bronzong
extrasensory Uxie
extrasensory Mesprit
extrasensory Azelf
extrasensory Tornadus
extrasensory Tornadus
extrasensory Reshiram
extrasensory Landorus
extrasensory Landorus
extrasensory Meowstic
extrasensory Drampa
extrasensory Tapu Lele
extrasensory Togepi
extrasensory Togetic
extrasensory Whismur
extrasensory Loudred
extrasensory Exploud
extrasensory Roselia
extrasensory Budew
extrasensory Roserade
extrasensory Togekiss
extrasensory Darumaka
extrasensory Darmanitan
extrasensory Zorua
extrasensory Zoroark
extrasensory Oranguru
extrasensory Indeedee
extreme-speed Arcanine
extreme-speed Dragonite
extreme-speed Raikou
extreme-speed Entei
extreme-speed Suicune
extreme-speed Rayquaza
extreme-speed Lucario
extreme-speed Togekiss
extreme-speed Regieleki
extreme-speed Dratini
extreme-speed Zigzagoon
extreme-speed Linoone
facade Scraggy
facade Scrafty
facade Bulbasaur
facade Ivysaur
facade Venusaur
facade Charmander
facade Charmeleon
facade Charizard
facade Squirtle
facade Wartortle
facade Blastoise
facade Butterfree
facade Pikachu
facade Raichu
facade Raichu
facade Sandshrew
facade Sandshrew
facade Sandslash
facade Sandslash
facade Nidoran♀
facade Nidorina
facade Nidoqueen
facade Nidoran♂
facade Nidorino
facade Nidoking
facade Clefairy
facade Clefable
facade Vulpix
facade Vulpix
facade Ninetales
facade Ninetales
facade Jigglypuff
facade Wigglytuff
facade Zubat
facade Golbat
facade Oddish
facade Gloom
facade Vileplume
facade Diglett
facade Diglett
facade Dugtrio
facade Dugtrio
facade Meowth
facade Meowth
facade Meowth
facade Persian
facade Persian
facade Psyduck
facade Golduck
facade Growlithe
facade Arcanine
facade Poliwag
facade Poliwhirl
facade Poliwrath
facade Abra
facade Kadabra
facade Alakazam
facade Machop
facade Machoke
facade Machamp
facade Tentacool
facade Tentacruel
facade Ponyta
facade Ponyta
facade Rapidash
facade Rapidash
facade Slowpoke
facade Slowpoke
facade Slowbro
facade Slowbro
facade Magnemite
facade Magneton
facade Farfetch'd
facade Farfetch'd
facade Shellder
facade Cloyster
facade Gastly
facade Haunter
facade Gengar
facade Onix
facade Krabby
facade Kingler
facade Exeggcute
facade Exeggutor
facade Exeggutor
facade Cubone
facade Marowak
facade Marowak
facade Hitmonlee
facade Hitmonchan
facade Lickitung
facade Koffing
facade Weezing
facade Weezing
facade Rhyhorn
facade Rhydon
facade Chansey
facade Tangela
facade Kangaskhan
facade Horsea
facade Seadra
facade Goldeen
facade Seaking
facade Staryu
facade Starmie
facade Mr. Mime
facade Mr. Mime
facade Scyther
facade Jynx
facade Electabuzz
facade Magmar
facade Pinsir
facade Tauros
facade Gyarados
facade Lapras
facade Eevee
facade Vaporeon
facade Jolteon
facade Flareon
facade Porygon
facade Omanyte
facade Omastar
facade Kabuto
facade Kabutops
facade Aerodactyl
facade Snorlax
facade Articuno
facade Articuno
facade Zapdos
facade Zapdos
facade Moltres
facade Moltres
facade Dratini
facade Dragonair
facade Dragonite
facade Mewtwo
facade Mew
facade Hoothoot
facade Noctowl
facade Crobat
facade Chinchou
facade Lanturn
facade Pichu
facade Cleffa
facade Igglybuff
facade Togepi
facade Togetic
facade Natu
facade Xatu
facade Bellossom
facade Marill
facade Azumarill
facade Sudowoodo
facade Politoed
facade Wooper
facade Quagsire
facade Espeon
facade Umbreon
facade Slowking
facade Slowking
facade Dunsparce
facade Steelix
facade Qwilfish
facade Scizor
facade Shuckle
facade Heracross
facade Sneasel
facade Swinub
facade Piloswine
facade Corsola
facade Corsola
facade Remoraid
facade Octillery
facade Delibird
facade Mantine
facade Skarmory
facade Kingdra
facade Porygon2
facade Tyrogue
facade Hitmontop
facade Smoochum
facade Elekid
facade Magby
facade Miltank
facade Blissey
facade Raikou
facade Entei
facade Suicune
facade Larvitar
facade Pupitar
facade Tyranitar
facade Lugia
facade Ho-oh
facade Celebi
facade Treecko
facade Grovyle
facade Sceptile
facade Torchic
facade Combusken
facade Blaziken
facade Mudkip
facade Marshtomp
facade Swampert
facade Zigzagoon
facade Zigzagoon
facade Linoone
facade Linoone
facade Lotad
facade Lombre
facade Ludicolo
facade Seedot
facade Nuzleaf
facade Shiftry
facade Wingull
facade Pelipper
facade Ralts
facade Kirlia
facade Gardevoir
facade Nincada
facade Ninjask
facade Shedinja
facade Whismur
facade Loudred
facade Exploud
facade Azurill
facade Sableye
facade Mawile
facade Aron
facade Lairon
facade Aggron
facade Electrike
facade Manectric
facade Roselia
facade Carvanha
facade Sharpedo
facade Wailmer
facade Wailord
facade Torkoal
facade Trapinch
facade Vibrava
facade Flygon
facade Swablu
facade Altaria
facade Lunatone
facade Solrock
facade Barboach
facade Whiscash
facade Corphish
facade Crawdaunt
facade Baltoy
facade Claydol
facade Lileep
facade Cradily
facade Anorith
facade Armaldo
facade Feebas
facade Milotic
facade Duskull
facade Dusclops
facade Absol
facade Snorunt
facade Glalie
facade Spheal
facade Sealeo
facade Walrein
facade Relicanth
facade Bagon
facade Shelgon
facade Salamence
facade Metang
facade Metagross
facade Regirock
facade Regice
facade Registeel
facade Latias
facade Latios
facade Kyogre
facade Groudon
facade Rayquaza
facade Jirachi
facade Shinx
facade Luxio
facade Luxray
facade Budew
facade Roserade
facade Vespiquen
facade Cherubi
facade Cherrim
facade Shellos
facade Gastrodon
facade Drifloon
facade Drifblim
facade Buneary
facade Lopunny
facade Stunky
facade Skuntank
facade Bronzor
facade Bronzong
facade Bonsly
facade Mime Jr.
facade Happiny
facade Spiritomb
facade Gible
facade Gabite
facade Garchomp
facade Munchlax
facade Riolu
facade Lucario
facade Hippopotas
facade Hippowdon
facade Skorupi
facade Drapion
facade Croagunk
facade Toxicroak
facade Mantyke
facade Snover
facade Abomasnow
facade Weavile
facade Magnezone
facade Lickilicky
facade Rhyperior
facade Tangrowth
facade Electivire
facade Magmortar
facade Togekiss
facade Leafeon
facade Glaceon
facade Mamoswine
facade Porygon-Z
facade Gallade
facade Dusknoir
facade Froslass
facade Rotom
facade Rotom
facade Rotom
facade Rotom
facade Rotom
facade Rotom
facade Uxie
facade Mesprit
facade Azelf
facade Dialga
facade Palkia
facade Heatran
facade Regigigas
facade Giratina
facade Giratina
facade Cresselia
facade Victini
facade Lillipup
facade Herdier
facade Stoutland
facade Purrloin
facade Liepard
facade Munna
facade Musharna
facade Pidove
facade Tranquill
facade Unfezant
facade Roggenrola
facade Boldore
facade Gigalith
facade Woobat
facade Swoobat
facade Drilbur
facade Excadrill
facade Audino
facade Timburr
facade Gurdurr
facade Conkeldurr
facade Tympole
facade Palpitoad
facade Seismitoad
facade Throh
facade Sawk
facade Venipede
facade Whirlipede
facade Scolipede
facade Cottonee
facade Whimsicott
facade Petilil
facade Lilligant
facade Basculin
facade Sandile
facade Krokorok
facade Krookodile
facade Darumaka
facade Darumaka
facade Darmanitan
facade Darmanitan
facade Maractus
facade Dwebble
facade Crustle
facade Scraggy
facade Scrafty
facade Sigilyph
facade Yamask
facade Yamask
facade Cofagrigus
facade Tirtouga
facade Carracosta
facade Archen
facade Archeops
facade Trubbish
facade Garbodor
facade Zorua
facade Zoroark
facade Minccino
facade Cinccino
facade Gothita
facade Gothorita
facade Gothitelle
facade Solosis
facade Duosion
facade Reuniclus
facade Vanillite
facade Vanillish
facade Vanilluxe
facade Emolga
facade Karrablast
facade Escavalier
facade Foongus
facade Amoonguss
facade Frillish
facade Jellicent
facade Joltik
facade Galvantula
facade Ferroseed
facade Ferrothorn
facade Klink
facade Klang
facade Klinklang
facade Elgyem
facade Beheeyem
facade Litwick
facade Lampent
facade Chandelure
facade Axew
facade Fraxure
facade Haxorus
facade Cubchoo
facade Beartic
facade Cryogonal
facade Shelmet
facade Accelgor
facade Stunfisk
facade Stunfisk
facade Mienfoo
facade Mienshao
facade Druddigon
facade Golett
facade Golurk
facade Pawniard
facade Bisharp
facade Bouffalant
facade Rufflet
facade Braviary
facade Vullaby
facade Mandibuzz
facade Heatmor
facade Durant
facade Deino
facade Zweilous
facade Hydreigon
facade Larvesta
facade Volcarona
facade Cobalion
facade Terrakion
facade Virizion
facade Tornadus
facade Tornadus
facade Thundurus
facade Thundurus
facade Reshiram
facade Zekrom
facade Landorus
facade Landorus
facade Kyurem
facade Kyurem
facade Kyurem
facade Keldeo
facade Genesect
facade Bunnelby
facade Diggersby
facade Fletchling
facade Fletchinder
facade Talonflame
facade Pancham
facade Pangoro
facade Espurr
facade Meowstic
facade Meowstic
facade Honedge
facade Doublade
facade Aegislash
facade Aegislash
facade Spritzee
facade Aromatisse
facade Swirlix
facade Slurpuff
facade Inkay
facade Malamar
facade Binacle
facade Barbaracle
facade Skrelp
facade Dragalge
facade Clauncher
facade Clawitzer
facade Helioptile
facade Heliolisk
facade Tyrunt
facade Tyrantrum
facade Amaura
facade Aurorus
facade Sylveon
facade Hawlucha
facade Dedenne
facade Carbink
facade Goomy
facade Sliggoo
facade Goodra
facade Klefki
facade Phantump
facade Trevenant
facade Pumpkaboo
facade Gourgeist
facade Bergmite
facade Avalugg
facade Noibat
facade Noivern
facade Xerneas
facade Yveltal
facade Zygarde
facade Diancie
facade Volcanion
facade Rowlet
facade Dartrix
facade Decidueye
facade Litten
facade Torracat
facade Incineroar
facade Popplio
facade Brionne
facade Primarina
facade Grubbin
facade Charjabug
facade Vikavolt
facade Cutiefly
facade Ribombee
facade Rockruff
facade Lycanroc
facade Lycanroc
facade Lycanroc
facade Wishiwashi
facade Mareanie
facade Toxapex
facade Mudbray
facade Mudsdale
facade Dewpider
facade Araquanid
facade Fomantis
facade Lurantis
facade Morelull
facade Shiinotic
facade Salandit
facade Salazzle
facade Stufful
facade Bewear
facade Bounsweet
facade Steenee
facade Tsareena
facade Comfey
facade Oranguru
facade Passimian
facade Wimpod
facade Golisopod
facade Sandygast
facade Palossand
facade Type: Null
facade Silvally
facade Turtonator
facade Togedemaru
facade Mimikyu
facade Drampa
facade Dhelmise
facade Jangmo-o
facade Hakamo-o
facade Kommo-o
facade Tapu Koko
facade Tapu Lele
facade Tapu Bulu
facade Tapu Fini
facade Solgaleo
facade Lunala
facade Nihilego
facade Buzzwole
facade Pheromosa
facade Xurkitree
facade Celesteela
facade Guzzlord
facade Necrozma
facade Marshadow
facade Poipole
facade Naganadel
facade Stakataka
facade Blacephalon
facade Zeraora
facade Meltan
facade Melmetal
facade Grookey
facade Thwackey
facade Rillaboom
facade Scorbunny
facade Raboot
facade Cinderace
facade Sobble
facade Drizzile
facade Inteleon
facade Skwovet
facade Greedent
facade Rookidee
facade Corvisquire
facade Corviknight
facade Dottler
facade Orbeetle
facade Nickit
facade Thievul
facade Gossifleur
facade Eldegoss
facade Wooloo
facade Dubwool
facade Chewtle
facade Drednaw
facade Yamper
facade Boltund
facade Rolycoly
facade Carkol
facade Coalossal
facade Flapple
facade Appletun
facade Silicobra
facade Sandaconda
facade Cramorant
facade Arrokuda
facade Barraskewda
facade Toxel
facade Toxtricity
facade Toxtricity
facade Sizzlipede
facade Centiskorch
facade Clobbopus
facade Grapploct
facade Sinistea
facade Polteageist
facade Hatenna
facade Hattrem
facade Hatterene
facade Impidimp
facade Morgrem
facade Grimmsnarl
facade Obstagoon
facade Perrserker
facade Cursola
facade Sirfetch'd
facade Mr. Rime
facade Runerigus
facade Milcery
facade Alcremie
facade Falinks
facade Pincurchin
facade Snom
facade Frosmoth
facade Stonjourner
facade Eiscue
facade Indeedee
facade Indeedee
facade Morpeko
facade Cufant
facade Copperajah
facade Dracozolt
facade Arctozolt
facade Dracovish
facade Arctovish
facade Duraludon
facade Dreepy
facade Drakloak
facade Dragapult
facade Zacian
facade Zamazenta
facade Eternatus
facade Kubfu
facade Urshifu
facade Urshifu
facade Zarude
facade Regieleki
facade Regidrago
facade Glastrier
facade Spectrier
facade Calyrex
facade Calyrex
facade Calyrex
fairy-lock Klefki
fairy-wind Ponyta
fairy-wind Rapidash
fairy-wind Weezing
fairy-wind Togetic
fairy-wind Mawile
fairy-wind Togekiss
fairy-wind Cottonee
fairy-wind Whimsicott
fairy-wind Spritzee
fairy-wind Aromatisse
fairy-wind Swirlix
fairy-wind Slurpuff
fairy-wind Klefki
fairy-wind Cutiefly
fairy-wind Ribombee
fairy-wind Tapu Koko
fairy-wind Snom
fairy-wind Frosmoth
fake-out Meowth
fake-out Meowth
fake-out Meowth
fake-out Persian
fake-out Persian
fake-out Hitmonlee
fake-out Hitmonchan
fake-out Kangaskhan
fake-out Tyrogue
fake-out Hitmontop
fake-out Lombre
fake-out Ludicolo
fake-out Nuzleaf
fake-out Shiftry
fake-out Sableye
fake-out Purrloin
fake-out Liepard
fake-out Mienfoo
fake-out Mienshao
fake-out Espurr
fake-out Meowstic
fake-out Meowstic
fake-out Zeraora
fake-out Impidimp
fake-out Morgrem
fake-out Grimmsnarl
fake-out Perrserker
fake-out Squirtle
fake-out Wartortle
fake-out Blastoise
fake-out Pikachu
fake-out Raichu
fake-out Raichu
fake-out Mr. Mime
fake-out Mr. Mime
fake-out Pichu
fake-out Sneasel
fake-out Delibird
fake-out Smoochum
fake-out Buneary
fake-out Lopunny
fake-out Mime Jr.
fake-out Croagunk
fake-out Toxicroak
fake-out Weavile
fake-out Scraggy
fake-out Scrafty
fake-out Gothita
fake-out Gothorita
fake-out Gothitelle
fake-out Litten
fake-out Torracat
fake-out Incineroar
fake-out Salandit
fake-out Salazzle
fake-out Togedemaru
fake-out Grookey
fake-out Thwackey
fake-out Rillaboom
fake-out Mr. Rime
fake-out Indeedee
fake-out Indeedee
fake-out Morpeko
fake-tears Jynx
fake-tears Sudowoodo
fake-tears Smoochum
fake-tears Mawile
fake-tears Bonsly
fake-tears Zorua
fake-tears Zoroark
fake-tears Gothita
fake-tears Gothorita
fake-tears Gothitelle
fake-tears Swirlix
fake-tears Slurpuff
fake-tears Impidimp
fake-tears Morgrem
fake-tears Grimmsnarl
fake-tears Mr. Rime
fake-tears Clefairy
fake-tears Clefable
fake-tears Ninetales
fake-tears Ninetales
fake-tears Jigglypuff
fake-tears Wigglytuff
fake-tears Persian
fake-tears Jynx
fake-tears Eevee
fake-tears Vaporeon
fake-tears Jolteon
fake-tears Flareon
fake-tears Mew
fake-tears Cleffa
fake-tears Igglybuff
fake-tears Marill
fake-tears Azumarill
fake-tears Sudowoodo
fake-tears Espeon
fake-tears Umbreon
fake-tears Sneasel
fake-tears Smoochum
fake-tears Zigzagoon
fake-tears Linoone
fake-tears Whismur
fake-tears Loudred
fake-tears Exploud
fake-tears Azurill
fake-tears Mawile
fake-tears Snorunt
fake-tears Glalie
fake-tears Shinx
fake-tears Luxio
fake-tears Luxray
fake-tears Buneary
fake-tears Lopunny
fake-tears Bonsly
fake-tears Weavile
fake-tears Leafeon
fake-tears Glaceon
fake-tears Froslass
fake-tears Purrloin
fake-tears Liepard
fake-tears Woobat
fake-tears Swoobat
fake-tears Cottonee
fake-tears Whimsicott
fake-tears Scraggy
fake-tears Scrafty
fake-tears Yamask
fake-tears Yamask
fake-tears Cofagrigus
fake-tears Zorua
fake-tears Zoroark
fake-tears Minccino
fake-tears Cinccino
fake-tears Gothita
fake-tears Gothorita
fake-tears Gothitelle
fake-tears Vullaby
fake-tears Mandibuzz
fake-tears Espurr
fake-tears Meowstic
fake-tears Meowstic
fake-tears Spritzee
fake-tears Aromatisse
fake-tears Swirlix
fake-tears Slurpuff
fake-tears Inkay
fake-tears Malamar
fake-tears Sylveon
fake-tears Diancie
fake-tears Cutiefly
fake-tears Ribombee
fake-tears Salazzle
fake-tears Rookidee
fake-tears Corvisquire
fake-tears Corviknight
fake-tears Nickit
fake-tears Thievul
fake-tears Impidimp
fake-tears Morgrem
fake-tears Grimmsnarl
fake-tears Obstagoon
fake-tears Mr. Rime
fake-tears Runerigus
fake-tears Alcremie
fake-tears Morpeko
false-surrender Morgrem
false-surrender Grimmsnarl
false-swipe Farfetch'd
false-swipe Cubone
false-swipe Marowak
false-swipe Marowak
false-swipe Scyther
false-swipe Scizor
false-swipe Grovyle
false-swipe Sceptile
false-swipe Nincada
false-swipe Ninjask
false-swipe Shedinja
false-swipe Gallade
false-swipe Karrablast
false-swipe Escavalier
false-swipe Axew
false-swipe Fraxure
false-swipe Haxorus
false-swipe Tapu Koko
false-swipe Kartana
false-swipe Bulbasaur
false-swipe Ivysaur
false-swipe Venusaur
false-swipe Charmander
false-swipe Charmeleon
false-swipe Charizard
false-swipe Squirtle
false-swipe Wartortle
false-swipe Blastoise
false-swipe Farfetch'd
false-swipe Krabby
false-swipe Kingler
false-swipe Cubone
false-swipe Marowak
false-swipe Marowak
false-swipe Scyther
false-swipe Pinsir
false-swipe Mew
false-swipe Scizor
false-swipe Heracross
false-swipe Sneasel
false-swipe Grovyle
false-swipe Sceptile
false-swipe Seedot
false-swipe Nuzleaf
false-swipe Shiftry
false-swipe Nincada
false-swipe Ninjask
false-swipe Shedinja
false-swipe Mawile
false-swipe Swablu
false-swipe Altaria
false-swipe Corphish
false-swipe Crawdaunt
false-swipe Anorith
false-swipe Armaldo
false-swipe Absol
false-swipe Garchomp
false-swipe Skorupi
false-swipe Drapion
false-swipe Weavile
false-swipe Gallade
false-swipe Karrablast
false-swipe Escavalier
false-swipe Axew
false-swipe Fraxure
false-swipe Haxorus
false-swipe Pawniard
false-swipe Bisharp
false-swipe Cobalion
false-swipe Terrakion
false-swipe Virizion
false-swipe Keldeo
false-swipe Pancham
false-swipe Pangoro
false-swipe Honedge
false-swipe Doublade
false-swipe Aegislash
false-swipe Aegislash
false-swipe Binacle
false-swipe Barbaracle
false-swipe Hawlucha
false-swipe Rowlet
false-swipe Dartrix
false-swipe Decidueye
false-swipe Fomantis
false-swipe Lurantis
false-swipe Golisopod
false-swipe Jangmo-o
false-swipe Hakamo-o
false-swipe Kommo-o
false-swipe Tapu Koko
false-swipe Tapu Bulu
false-swipe Buzzwole
false-swipe Pheromosa
false-swipe Kartana
false-swipe Magearna
false-swipe Marshadow
false-swipe Zeraora
false-swipe Grookey
false-swipe Thwackey
false-swipe Rillaboom
false-swipe Drednaw
false-swipe Falinks
false-swipe Zacian
false-swipe Urshifu
false-swipe Urshifu
feather-dance Torchic
feather-dance Combusken
feather-dance Blaziken
feather-dance Pidove
feather-dance Tranquill
feather-dance Unfezant
feather-dance Hawlucha
feather-dance Rowlet
feather-dance Dartrix
feather-dance Decidueye
feather-dance Frosmoth
feather-dance Farfetch'd
feather-dance Hoothoot
feather-dance Noctowl
feather-dance Natu
feather-dance Xatu
feather-dance Swablu
feather-dance Cramorant
feint Pikachu
feint Raichu
feint Raichu
feint Meowth
feint Meowth
feint Persian
feint Persian
feint Hitmonlee
feint Hitmonchan
feint Kabutops
feint Hitmontop
feint Flygon
feint Stunky
feint Skuntank
feint Riolu
feint Lucario
feint Gallade
feint Fletchinder
feint Talonflame
feint Goodra
feint Pheromosa
feint Marshadow
feint Cinderace
feint Clobbopus
feint Grapploct
feint Farfetch'd
feint Farfetch'd
feint Hitmonlee
feint Hitmonchan
feint Scyther
feint Pinsir
feint Scizor
feint Heracross
feint Sneasel
feint Skarmory
feint Tyrogue
feint Hitmontop
feint Elekid
feint Torchic
feint Sableye
feint Trapinch
feint Vibrava
feint Flygon
feint Absol
feint Croagunk
feint Toxicroak
feint Weavile
feint Shelmet
feint Accelgor
feint Mienfoo
feint Mienshao
feint Hawlucha
feint Passimian
feint Sirfetch'd
feint-attack Vulpix
feint-attack Vulpix
feint-attack Meowth
feint-attack Meowth
feint-attack Persian
feint-attack Persian
feint-attack Magmar
feint-attack Sudowoodo
feint-attack Umbreon
feint-attack Murkrow
feint-attack Gligar
feint-attack Sneasel
feint-attack Teddiursa
feint-attack Ursaring
feint-attack Houndour
feint-attack Houndoom
feint-attack Magby
feint-attack Nuzleaf
feint-attack Shiftry
feint-attack Slakoth
feint-attack Slaking
feint-attack Skitty
feint-attack Sableye
feint-attack Mawile
feint-attack Spinda
feint-attack Trapinch
feint-attack Vibrava
feint-attack Flygon
feint-attack Cacnea
feint-attack Cacturne
feint-attack Kecleon
feint-attack Shuppet
feint-attack Banette
feint-attack Huntail
feint-attack Glameow
feint-attack Purugly
feint-attack Bronzor
feint-attack Bronzong
feint-attack Bonsly
feint-attack Spiritomb
feint-attack Croagunk
feint-attack Toxicroak
feint-attack Carnivine
feint-attack Weavile
feint-attack Magmortar
feint-attack Gliscor
feint-attack Darkrai
feint-attack Dwebble
feint-attack Crustle
feint-attack Scraggy
feint-attack Scrafty
feint-attack Scrafty
feint-attack Zorua
feint-attack Zoroark
feint-attack Gothita
feint-attack Gothorita
feint-attack Gothitelle
feint-attack Deerling
feint-attack Sawsbuck
feint-attack Foongus
feint-attack Amoonguss
feint-attack Pawniard
feint-attack Bisharp
feint-attack Vullaby
feint-attack Mandibuzz
feint-attack Greninja
feint-attack Skrelp
feint-attack Dragalge
feint-attack Dragalge
feint-attack Phantump
feint-attack Trevenant
feint-attack Wishiwashi
feint-attack Oranguru
feint-attack Mimikyu
feint-attack Pidgey
feint-attack Pidgeotto
feint-attack Pidgeot
feint-attack Spearow
feint-attack Fearow
feint-attack Vulpix
feint-attack Ninetales
feint-attack Jigglypuff
feint-attack Wigglytuff
feint-attack Zubat
feint-attack Golbat
feint-attack Diglett
feint-attack Diglett
feint-attack Dugtrio
feint-attack Dugtrio
feint-attack Doduo
feint-attack Dodrio
feint-attack Pinsir
feint-attack Hoothoot
feint-attack Noctowl
feint-attack Crobat
feint-attack Igglybuff
feint-attack Natu
feint-attack Xatu
feint-attack Yanma
feint-attack Murkrow
feint-attack Snubbull
feint-attack Granbull
feint-attack Nincada
feint-attack Ninjask
feint-attack Shedinja
feint-attack Makuhita
feint-attack Hariyama
feint-attack Duskull
feint-attack Dusclops
feint-attack Absol
feint-attack Honchkrow
feint-attack Skorupi
feint-attack Drapion
feint-attack Yanmega
feint-attack Dusknoir
feint-attack Purrloin
feint-attack Liepard
feint-attack Scraggy
feint-attack Scrafty
feint-attack Karrablast
feint-attack Escavalier
feint-attack Joltik
feint-attack Galvantula
feint-attack Druddigon
feint-attack Heatmor
feint-attack Durant
fell-stinger Qwilfish
fell-stinger Vespiquen
fell-stinger Skorupi
fell-stinger Drapion
fell-stinger Escavalier
fell-stinger Genesect
fell-stinger Togedemaru
fell-stinger Buzzwole
fell-stinger Poipole
fell-stinger Naganadel
fell-stinger Sobble
fell-stinger Drizzile
fell-stinger Inteleon
fiery-dance Volcarona
fiery-wrath Moltres
final-gambit Farfetch'd
final-gambit Riolu
final-gambit Lucario
final-gambit Victini
final-gambit Basculin
final-gambit Shelmet
final-gambit Accelgor
final-gambit Sirfetch'd
final-gambit Diglett
final-gambit Diglett
final-gambit Dugtrio
final-gambit Dugtrio
final-gambit Farfetch'd
final-gambit Shuckle
final-gambit Nincada
final-gambit Ninjask
final-gambit Shedinja
fire-blast Vulpix
fire-blast Ninetales
fire-blast Ponyta
fire-blast Rapidash
fire-blast Magmar
fire-blast Magby
fire-blast Entei
fire-blast Ho-oh
fire-blast Groudon
fire-blast Magmortar
fire-blast Volcarona
fire-blast Reshiram
fire-blast Blacephalon
fire-blast Charmander
fire-blast Charmeleon
fire-blast Charizard
fire-blast Nidoqueen
fire-blast Nidoking
fire-blast Clefairy
fire-blast Clefable
fire-blast Vulpix
fire-blast Ninetales
fire-blast Jigglypuff
fire-blast Wigglytuff
fire-blast Growlithe
fire-blast Arcanine
fire-blast Machop
fire-blast Machoke
fire-blast Machamp
fire-blast Ponyta
fire-blast Rapidash
fire-blast Slowpoke
fire-blast Slowpoke
fire-blast Slowbro
fire-blast Slowbro
fire-blast Cubone
fire-blast Marowak
fire-blast Marowak
fire-blast Lickitung
fire-blast Koffing
fire-blast Weezing
fire-blast Weezing
fire-blast Rhyhorn
fire-blast Rhydon
fire-blast Chansey
fire-blast Kangaskhan
fire-blast Magmar
fire-blast Tauros
fire-blast Gyarados
fire-blast Flareon
fire-blast Aerodactyl
fire-blast Snorlax
fire-blast Moltres
fire-blast Dratini
fire-blast Dragonair
fire-blast Dragonite
fire-blast Mewtwo
fire-blast Mew
fire-blast Cleffa
fire-blast Igglybuff
fire-blast Togepi
fire-blast Togetic
fire-blast Slowking
fire-blast Slowking
fire-blast Dunsparce
fire-blast Remoraid
fire-blast Octillery
fire-blast Magby
fire-blast Blissey
fire-blast Entei
fire-blast Tyranitar
fire-blast Ho-oh
fire-blast Torchic
fire-blast Combusken
fire-blast Blaziken
fire-blast Whismur
fire-blast Loudred
fire-blast Exploud
fire-blast Mawile
fire-blast Aggron
fire-blast Torkoal
fire-blast Flygon
fire-blast Altaria
fire-blast Solrock
fire-blast Absol
fire-blast Bagon
fire-blast Shelgon
fire-blast Salamence
fire-blast Groudon
fire-blast Rayquaza
fire-blast Stunky
fire-blast Skuntank
fire-blast Happiny
fire-blast Gible
fire-blast Gabite
fire-blast Garchomp
fire-blast Munchlax
fire-blast Lickilicky
fire-blast Rhyperior
fire-blast Magmortar
fire-blast Togekiss
fire-blast Azelf
fire-blast Dialga
fire-blast Palkia
fire-blast Heatran
fire-blast Victini
fire-blast Audino
fire-blast Darumaka
fire-blast Darumaka
fire-blast Darmanitan
fire-blast Darmanitan
fire-blast Litwick
fire-blast Lampent
fire-blast Chandelure
fire-blast Heatmor
fire-blast Hydreigon
fire-blast Larvesta
fire-blast Volcarona
fire-blast Reshiram
fire-blast Fletchinder
fire-blast Talonflame
fire-blast Goodra
fire-blast Pumpkaboo
fire-blast Gourgeist
fire-blast Volcanion
fire-blast Litten
fire-blast Torracat
fire-blast Incineroar
fire-blast Salandit
fire-blast Salazzle
fire-blast Turtonator
fire-blast Drampa
fire-blast Solgaleo
fire-blast Celesteela
fire-blast Guzzlord
fire-blast Naganadel
fire-blast Blacephalon
fire-blast Scorbunny
fire-blast Raboot
fire-blast Cinderace
fire-blast Carkol
fire-blast Coalossal
fire-blast Centiskorch
fire-blast Dracozolt
fire-blast Drakloak
fire-blast Dragapult
fire-fang Charmander
fire-fang Charmeleon
fire-fang Charizard
fire-fang Growlithe
fire-fang Arcanine
fire-fang Flareon
fire-fang Steelix
fire-fang Entei
fire-fang Tyranitar
fire-fang Exploud
fire-fang Manectric
fire-fang Hippowdon
fire-fang Drapion
fire-fang Heatran
fire-fang Stoutland
fire-fang Darumaka
fire-fang Darmanitan
fire-fang Reshiram
fire-fang Litten
fire-fang Torracat
fire-fang Incineroar
fire-fang Silvally
fire-fang Charmander
fire-fang Charmeleon
fire-fang Charizard
fire-fang Growlithe
fire-fang Arcanine
fire-fang Rhyhorn
fire-fang Rhydon
fire-fang Flareon
fire-fang Aerodactyl
fire-fang Mew
fire-fang Steelix
fire-fang Entei
fire-fang Tyranitar
fire-fang Exploud
fire-fang Mawile
fire-fang Electrike
fire-fang Manectric
fire-fang Bagon
fire-fang Shelgon
fire-fang Salamence
fire-fang Shinx
fire-fang Luxio
fire-fang Luxray
fire-fang Garchomp
fire-fang Hippowdon
fire-fang Drapion
fire-fang Rhyperior
fire-fang Heatran
fire-fang Lillipup
fire-fang Herdier
fire-fang Stoutland
fire-fang Sandile
fire-fang Krokorok
fire-fang Krookodile
fire-fang Darumaka
fire-fang Darumaka
fire-fang Darmanitan
fire-fang Darmanitan
fire-fang Druddigon
fire-fang Deino
fire-fang Zweilous
fire-fang Hydreigon
fire-fang Reshiram
fire-fang Tyrunt
fire-fang Tyrantrum
fire-fang Litten
fire-fang Torracat
fire-fang Incineroar
fire-fang Rockruff
fire-fang Lycanroc
fire-fang Lycanroc
fire-fang Lycanroc
fire-fang Silvally
fire-fang Scorbunny
fire-fang Raboot
fire-fang Cinderace
fire-fang Greedent
fire-fang Thievul
fire-fang Yamper
fire-fang Boltund
fire-fang Sandaconda
fire-fang Centiskorch
fire-fang Morpeko
fire-fang Dracozolt
fire-fang Zacian
fire-fang Zamazenta
fire-fang Regidrago
fire-lash Heatmor
fire-lash Salazzle
fire-lash Sizzlipede
fire-lash Centiskorch
fire-pledge Charmander
fire-pledge Charmeleon
fire-pledge Charizard
fire-pledge Cyndaquil
fire-pledge Quilava
fire-pledge Typhlosion
fire-pledge Torchic
fire-pledge Combusken
fire-pledge Blaziken
fire-pledge Chimchar
fire-pledge Monferno
fire-pledge Infernape
fire-pledge Tepig
fire-pledge Pignite
fire-pledge Emboar
fire-pledge Pansear
fire-pledge Simisear
fire-pledge Fennekin
fire-pledge Braixen
fire-pledge Delphox
fire-pledge Litten
fire-pledge Torracat
fire-pledge Incineroar
fire-pledge Silvally
fire-punch Hitmonchan
fire-punch Magmar
fire-punch Dragonite
fire-punch Magby
fire-punch Blaziken
fire-punch Dusclops
fire-punch Magmortar
fire-punch Dusknoir
fire-punch Darumaka
fire-punch Darmanitan
fire-punch Marshadow
fire-punch Charmander
fire-punch Charmeleon
fire-punch Charizard
fire-punch Nidoqueen
fire-punch Nidoking
fire-punch Clefairy
fire-punch Clefable
fire-punch Jigglypuff
fire-punch Wigglytuff
fire-punch Abra
fire-punch Kadabra
fire-punch Alakazam
fire-punch Machop
fire-punch Machoke
fire-punch Machamp
fire-punch Gastly
fire-punch Haunter
fire-punch Gengar
fire-punch Cubone
fire-punch Marowak
fire-punch Marowak
fire-punch Hitmonchan
fire-punch Lickitung
fire-punch Rhydon
fire-punch Chansey
fire-punch Kangaskhan
fire-punch Mr. Mime
fire-punch Electabuzz
fire-punch Magmar
fire-punch Snorlax
fire-punch Dragonite
fire-punch Mewtwo
fire-punch Mew
fire-punch Sudowoodo
fire-punch Elekid
fire-punch Magby
fire-punch Miltank
fire-punch Blissey
fire-punch Tyranitar
fire-punch Combusken
fire-punch Blaziken
fire-punch Lombre
fire-punch Ludicolo
fire-punch Ralts
fire-punch Kirlia
fire-punch Gardevoir
fire-punch Whismur
fire-punch Loudred
fire-punch Exploud
fire-punch Sableye
fire-punch Aggron
fire-punch Flygon
fire-punch Dusclops
fire-punch Regirock
fire-punch Groudon
fire-punch Jirachi
fire-punch Buneary
fire-punch Lopunny
fire-punch Munchlax
fire-punch Lickilicky
fire-punch Rhyperior
fire-punch Electivire
fire-punch Magmortar
fire-punch Gallade
fire-punch Dusknoir
fire-punch Uxie
fire-punch Mesprit
fire-punch Azelf
fire-punch Regigigas
fire-punch Victini
fire-punch Audino
fire-punch Timburr
fire-punch Gurdurr
fire-punch Conkeldurr
fire-punch Throh
fire-punch Sawk
fire-punch Darumaka
fire-punch Darumaka
fire-punch Darmanitan
fire-punch Darmanitan
fire-punch Scraggy
fire-punch Scrafty
fire-punch Reuniclus
fire-punch Druddigon
fire-punch Golett
fire-punch Golurk
fire-punch Heatmor
fire-punch Diggersby
fire-punch Pancham
fire-punch Pangoro
fire-punch Heliolisk
fire-punch Hawlucha
fire-punch Goodra
fire-punch Incineroar
fire-punch Lycanroc
fire-punch Kommo-o
fire-punch Marshadow
fire-punch Blacephalon
fire-punch Zeraora
fire-punch Cinderace
fire-punch Coalossal
fire-punch Toxtricity
fire-punch Toxtricity
fire-punch Grimmsnarl
fire-punch Obstagoon
fire-punch Kubfu
fire-punch Urshifu
fire-punch Urshifu
fire-spin Charmander
fire-spin Charmeleon
fire-spin Charizard
fire-spin Vulpix
fire-spin Ninetales
fire-spin Ponyta
fire-spin Rapidash
fire-spin Marowak
fire-spin Flareon
fire-spin Heatran
fire-spin Litwick
fire-spin Lampent
fire-spin Chandelure
fire-spin Heatmor
fire-spin Volcarona
fire-spin Volcanion
fire-spin Blacephalon
fire-spin Sizzlipede
fire-spin Centiskorch
fire-spin Charmander
fire-spin Charmeleon
fire-spin Charizard
fire-spin Vulpix
fire-spin Ninetales
fire-spin Growlithe
fire-spin Arcanine
fire-spin Ponyta
fire-spin Rapidash
fire-spin Marowak
fire-spin Magmar
fire-spin Flareon
fire-spin Moltres
fire-spin Dratini
fire-spin Dragonair
fire-spin Dragonite
fire-spin Mew
fire-spin Magby
fire-spin Entei
fire-spin Ho-oh
fire-spin Torchic
fire-spin Combusken
fire-spin Blaziken
fire-spin Torkoal
fire-spin Flygon
fire-spin Altaria
fire-spin Solrock
fire-spin Skuntank
fire-spin Magmortar
fire-spin Heatran
fire-spin Victini
fire-spin Darumaka
fire-spin Darumaka
fire-spin Darmanitan
fire-spin Darmanitan
fire-spin Litwick
fire-spin Lampent
fire-spin Chandelure
fire-spin Heatmor
fire-spin Hydreigon
fire-spin Volcarona
fire-spin Fletchinder
fire-spin Talonflame
fire-spin Volcanion
fire-spin Litten
fire-spin Torracat
fire-spin Incineroar
fire-spin Turtonator
fire-spin Solgaleo
fire-spin Blacephalon
fire-spin Cinderace
fire-spin Carkol
fire-spin Coalossal
fire-spin Sizzlipede
fire-spin Centiskorch
fire-spin Dracozolt
first-impression Golisopod
first-impression Sirfetch'd
first-impression Falinks
first-impression Farfetch'd
first-impression Trapinch
first-impression Vibrava
first-impression Flygon
first-impression Axew
first-impression Fraxure
first-impression Haxorus
first-impression Durant
fishious-rend Dracovish
fishious-rend Arctovish
fissure Diglett
fissure Diglett
fissure Dugtrio
fissure Dugtrio
fissure Trapinch
fissure Vibrava
fissure Flygon
fissure Barboach
fissure Whiscash
fissure Groudon
fissure Hippopotas
fissure Hippowdon
fissure Drilbur
fissure Excadrill
fissure Stunfisk
fissure Stunfisk
fissure Landorus
fissure Landorus
fissure Lapras
fissure Snorlax
fissure Swinub
fissure Piloswine
fissure Wailmer
fissure Wailord
fissure Torkoal
fissure Spheal
fissure Munchlax
fissure Mamoswine
fissure Mudbray
fissure Mudsdale
fissure Cufant
fissure Copperajah
flail Krabby
flail Kingler
flail Goldeen
flail Seaking
flail Magikarp
flail Gyarados
flail Snorlax
flail Chinchou
flail Lanturn
flail Sudowoodo
flail Dunsparce
flail Swinub
flail Piloswine
flail Corsola
flail Zigzagoon
flail Linoone
flail Lotad
flail Lombre
flail Ludicolo
flail Feebas
flail Milotic
flail Relicanth
flail Bonsly
flail Munchlax
flail Mamoswine
flail Uxie
flail Tympole
flail Palpitoad
flail Seismitoad
flail Basculin
flail Dwebble
flail Crustle
flail Karrablast
flail Escavalier
flail Cubchoo
flail Beartic
flail Stunfisk
flail Stunfisk
flail Bunnelby
flail Diggersby
flail Fletchling
flail Fletchinder
flail Talonflame
flail Spritzee
flail Aromatisse
flail Clauncher
flail Clawitzer
flail Carbink
flail Goomy
flail Sliggoo
flail Goodra
flail Diancie
flail Stufful
flail Bewear
flail Bounsweet
flail Steenee
flail Tsareena
flail Turtonator
flail Toxel
flail Toxtricity
flail Toxtricity
flail Squirtle
flail Wartortle
flail Blastoise
flail Pikachu
flail Raichu
flail Raichu
flail Sandshrew
flail Sandshrew
flail Sandslash
flail Sandslash
flail Vulpix
flail Vulpix
flail Ninetales
flail Ninetales
flail Oddish
flail Gloom
flail Vileplume
flail Meowth
flail Meowth
flail Meowth
flail Persian
flail Persian
flail Farfetch'd
flail Farfetch'd
flail Onix
flail Tangela
flail Horsea
flail Seadra
flail Pinsir
flail Eevee
flail Vaporeon
flail Jolteon
flail Flareon
flail Kabuto
flail Pichu
flail Bellossom
flail Espeon
flail Umbreon
flail Steelix
flail Qwilfish
flail Heracross
flail Remoraid
flail Octillery
flail Kingdra
flail Nincada
flail Ninjask
flail Shedinja
flail Torkoal
flail Trapinch
flail Vibrava
flail Flygon
flail Barboach
flail Whiscash
flail Buneary
flail Lopunny
flail Tangrowth
flail Leafeon
flail Glaceon
flail Minccino
flail Cinccino
flail Durant
flail Sylveon
flail Togedemaru
flail Perrserker
flail Sirfetch'd
flame-burst Charmander
flame-burst Charmeleon
flame-burst Charizard
flame-burst Vulpix
flame-burst Growlithe
flame-burst Magmar
flame-burst Slugma
flame-burst Magcargo
flame-burst Magby
flame-burst Torchic
flame-burst Numel
flame-burst Camerupt
flame-burst Magmortar
flame-burst Victini
flame-burst Pansear
flame-burst Simisear
flame-burst Litwick
flame-burst Lampent
flame-burst Chandelure
flame-burst Heatmor
flame-burst Salandit
flame-burst Salazzle
flame-burst Blacephalon
flame-burst Cyndaquil
flame-burst Quilava
flame-burst Typhlosion
flame-burst Torchic
flame-burst Combusken
flame-burst Blaziken
flame-burst Electrike
flame-burst Manectric
flame-burst Torkoal
flame-burst Stunky
flame-burst Skuntank
flame-charge Ponyta
flame-charge Rapidash
flame-charge Torchic
flame-charge Combusken
flame-charge Blaziken
flame-charge Victini
flame-charge Larvesta
flame-charge Volcarona
flame-charge Genesect
flame-charge Fletchinder
flame-charge Talonflame
flame-charge Volcanion
flame-charge Scorbunny
flame-charge Raboot
flame-charge Cinderace
flame-charge Carkol
flame-charge Coalossal
flame-charge Vulpix
flame-charge Ninetales
flame-charge Fletchling
flame-charge Fletchinder
flame-charge Talonflame
flame-charge Yamper
flame-charge Boltund
flame-wheel Growlithe
flame-wheel Arcanine
flame-wheel Ponyta
flame-wheel Rapidash
flame-wheel Marowak
flame-wheel Magmar
flame-wheel Magby
flame-wheel Entei
flame-wheel Torkoal
flame-wheel Magmortar
flame-wheel Larvesta
flame-wheel Volcarona
flame-wheel Sizzlipede
flame-wheel Centiskorch
flame-wheel Darumaka
flame-wheel Darumaka
flame-wheel Darmanitan
flame-wheel Darmanitan
flamethrower Charmander
flamethrower Charmeleon
flamethrower Charizard
flamethrower Vulpix
flamethrower Ninetales
flamethrower Growlithe
flamethrower Arcanine
flamethrower Magmar
flamethrower Magby
flamethrower Torchic
flamethrower Combusken
flamethrower Blaziken
flamethrower Torkoal
flamethrower Bagon
flamethrower Shelgon
flamethrower Salamence
flamethrower Skuntank
flamethrower Magmortar
flamethrower Reshiram
flamethrower Litten
flamethrower Torracat
flamethrower Incineroar
flamethrower Salandit
flamethrower Salazzle
flamethrower Turtonator
flamethrower Eternatus
flamethrower Charmander
flamethrower Charmeleon
flamethrower Charizard
flamethrower Nidoqueen
flamethrower Nidoking
flamethrower Clefairy
flamethrower Clefable
flamethrower Vulpix
flamethrower Ninetales
flamethrower Jigglypuff
flamethrower Wigglytuff
flamethrower Growlithe
flamethrower Arcanine
flamethrower Machop
flamethrower Machoke
flamethrower Machamp
flamethrower Ponyta
flamethrower Rapidash
flamethrower Slowpoke
flamethrower Slowpoke
flamethrower Slowbro
flamethrower Slowbro
flamethrower Exeggutor
flamethrower Cubone
flamethrower Marowak
flamethrower Marowak
flamethrower Lickitung
flamethrower Koffing
flamethrower Weezing
flamethrower Weezing
flamethrower Rhyhorn
flamethrower Rhydon
flamethrower Chansey
flamethrower Kangaskhan
flamethrower Magmar
flamethrower Tauros
flamethrower Gyarados
flamethrower Flareon
flamethrower Aerodactyl
flamethrower Snorlax
flamethrower Moltres
flamethrower Dratini
flamethrower Dragonair
flamethrower Dragonite
flamethrower Mewtwo
flamethrower Mew
flamethrower Cleffa
flamethrower Igglybuff
flamethrower Togepi
flamethrower Togetic
flamethrower Slowking
flamethrower Slowking
flamethrower Dunsparce
flamethrower Remoraid
flamethrower Octillery
flamethrower Magby
flamethrower Blissey
flamethrower Entei
flamethrower Tyranitar
flamethrower Ho-oh
flamethrower Torchic
flamethrower Combusken
flamethrower Blaziken
flamethrower Whismur
flamethrower Loudred
flamethrower Exploud
flamethrower Mawile
flamethrower Aggron
flamethrower Electrike
flamethrower Manectric
flamethrower Torkoal
flamethrower Flygon
flamethrower Altaria
flamethrower Solrock
flamethrower Absol
flamethrower Bagon
flamethrower Shelgon
flamethrower Salamence
flamethrower Groudon
flamethrower Rayquaza
flamethrower Stunky
flamethrower Skuntank
flamethrower Happiny
flamethrower Gible
flamethrower Gabite
flamethrower Garchomp
flamethrower Munchlax
flamethrower Lickilicky
flamethrower Rhyperior
flamethrower Electivire
flamethrower Magmortar
flamethrower Togekiss
flamethrower Azelf
flamethrower Dialga
flamethrower Palkia
flamethrower Heatran
flamethrower Victini
flamethrower Audino
flamethrower Darumaka
flamethrower Darumaka
flamethrower Darmanitan
flamethrower Darmanitan
flamethrower Zoroark
flamethrower Litwick
flamethrower Lampent
flamethrower Chandelure
flamethrower Druddigon
flamethrower Heatmor
flamethrower Hydreigon
flamethrower Larvesta
flamethrower Volcarona
flamethrower Reshiram
flamethrower Genesect
flamethrower Fletchinder
flamethrower Talonflame
flamethrower Swirlix
flamethrower Slurpuff
flamethrower Inkay
flamethrower Malamar
flamethrower Goodra
flamethrower Pumpkaboo
flamethrower Gourgeist
flamethrower Noivern
flamethrower Volcanion
flamethrower Litten
flamethrower Torracat
flamethrower Incineroar
flamethrower Salandit
flamethrower Salazzle
flamethrower Silvally
flamethrower Turtonator
flamethrower Drampa
flamethrower Kommo-o
flamethrower Solgaleo
flamethrower Celesteela
flamethrower Guzzlord
flamethrower Naganadel
flamethrower Blacephalon
flamethrower Scorbunny
flamethrower Raboot
flamethrower Cinderace
flamethrower Carkol
flamethrower Coalossal
flamethrower Centiskorch
flamethrower Dracozolt
flamethrower Drakloak
flamethrower Dragapult
flamethrower Eternatus
flare-blitz Charmander
flare-blitz Charmeleon
flare-blitz Charizard
flare-blitz Growlithe
flare-blitz Arcanine
flare-blitz Ponyta
flare-blitz Rapidash
flare-blitz Marowak
flare-blitz Flareon
flare-blitz Torchic
flare-blitz Combusken
flare-blitz Blaziken
flare-blitz Solrock
flare-blitz Victini
flare-blitz Darumaka
flare-blitz Darmanitan
flare-blitz Heatmor
flare-blitz Larvesta
flare-blitz Volcarona
flare-blitz Talonflame
flare-blitz Volcanion
flare-blitz Litten
flare-blitz Torracat
flare-blitz Incineroar
flare-blitz Solgaleo
flare-blitz Charmander
flare-blitz Charmeleon
flare-blitz Charizard
flare-blitz Vulpix
flare-blitz Ninetales
flare-blitz Growlithe
flare-blitz Arcanine
flare-blitz Ponyta
flare-blitz Rapidash
flare-blitz Marowak
flare-blitz Magmar
flare-blitz Flareon
flare-blitz Moltres
flare-blitz Mew
flare-blitz Magby
flare-blitz Entei
flare-blitz Ho-oh
flare-blitz Torchic
flare-blitz Combusken
flare-blitz Blaziken
flare-blitz Solrock
flare-blitz Magmortar
flare-blitz Victini
flare-blitz Darumaka
flare-blitz Darumaka
flare-blitz Darmanitan
flare-blitz Darmanitan
flare-blitz Heatmor
flare-blitz Larvesta
flare-blitz Volcarona
flare-blitz Reshiram
flare-blitz Talonflame
flare-blitz Volcanion
flare-blitz Litten
flare-blitz Torracat
flare-blitz Incineroar
flare-blitz Salazzle
flare-blitz Solgaleo
flare-blitz Raboot
flare-blitz Cinderace
flare-blitz Carkol
flare-blitz Coalossal
flare-blitz Centiskorch
flash Volbeat
flash Morelull
flash Shiinotic
flash Shiinotic
flash Bulbasaur
flash Ivysaur
flash Venusaur
flash Butterfree
flash Beedrill
flash Pikachu
flash Raichu
flash Clefairy
flash Clefable
flash Jigglypuff
flash Wigglytuff
flash Oddish
flash Gloom
flash Vileplume
flash Paras
flash Parasect
flash Venonat
flash Venomoth
flash Meowth
flash Persian
flash Psyduck
flash Golduck
flash Abra
flash Kadabra
flash Alakazam
flash Bellsprout
flash Weepinbell
flash Victreebel
flash Slowpoke
flash Slowbro
flash Magnemite
flash Magneton
flash Drowzee
flash Hypno
flash Voltorb
flash Electrode
flash Exeggcute
flash Exeggutor
flash Koffing
flash Weezing
flash Chansey
flash Tangela
flash Staryu
flash Starmie
flash Mr. Mime
flash Jynx
flash Electabuzz
flash Jolteon
flash Porygon
flash Zapdos
flash Mewtwo
flash Mew
flash Chikorita
flash Bayleef
flash Meganium
flash Hoothoot
flash Noctowl
flash Ledyba
flash Ledian
flash Spinarak
flash Ariados
flash Chinchou
flash Lanturn
flash Pichu
flash Cleffa
flash Igglybuff
flash Togepi
flash Togetic
flash Natu
flash Xatu
flash Mareep
flash Flaaffy
flash Ampharos
flash Bellossom
flash Hoppip
flash Skiploom
flash Jumpluff
flash Sunkern
flash Sunflora
flash Yanma
flash Wooper
flash Quagsire
flash Espeon
flash Umbreon
flash Slowking
flash Misdreavus
flash Girafarig
flash Shuckle
flash Skarmory
flash Porygon2
flash Stantler
flash Smoochum
flash Elekid
flash Blissey
flash Raikou
flash Entei
flash Lugia
flash Ho-oh
flash Celebi
flash Treecko
flash Grovyle
flash Sceptile
flash Beautifly
flash Dustox
flash Lotad
flash Lombre
flash Ludicolo
flash Seedot
flash Nuzleaf
flash Shiftry
flash Ralts
flash Kirlia
flash Gardevoir
flash Surskit
flash Masquerain
flash Shroomish
flash Breloom
flash Nincada
flash Ninjask
flash Shedinja
flash Skitty
flash Delcatty
flash Sableye
flash Meditite
flash Medicham
flash Electrike
flash Manectric
flash Plusle
flash Minun
flash Illumise
flash Roselia
flash Spoink
flash Grumpig
flash Spinda
flash Cacnea
flash Cacturne
flash Lunatone
flash Solrock
flash Baltoy
flash Claydol
flash Lileep
flash Cradily
flash Castform
flash Kecleon
flash Shuppet
flash Banette
flash Duskull
flash Dusclops
flash Tropius
flash Chimecho
flash Absol
flash Snorunt
flash Glalie
flash Metang
flash Metagross
flash Latias
flash Latios
flash Jirachi
flash Deoxys
flash Deoxys
flash Deoxys
flash Deoxys
flash Turtwig
flash Grotle
flash Torterra
flash Kricketune
flash Shinx
flash Luxio
flash Luxray
flash Budew
flash Roserade
flash Wormadam
flash Wormadam
flash Wormadam
flash Mothim
flash Vespiquen
flash Pachirisu
flash Cherubi
flash Cherrim
flash Gastrodon
flash Drifloon
flash Drifblim
flash Mismagius
flash Glameow
flash Purugly
flash Chingling
flash Bronzor
flash Bronzong
flash Mime Jr.
flash Happiny
flash Spiritomb
flash Skorupi
flash Drapion
flash Carnivine
flash Finneon
flash Lumineon
flash Snover
flash Abomasnow
flash Magnezone
flash Tangrowth
flash Electivire
flash Togekiss
flash Yanmega
flash Leafeon
flash Porygon-Z
flash Gallade
flash Dusknoir
flash Froslass
flash Rotom
flash Rotom
flash Rotom
flash Rotom
flash Rotom
flash Rotom
flash Uxie
flash Mesprit
flash Azelf
flash Dialga
flash Cresselia
flash Manaphy
flash Darkrai
flash Shaymin
flash Shaymin
flash Arceus
flash Victini
flash Snivy
flash Servine
flash Serperior
flash Watchog
flash Pansage
flash Simisage
flash Munna
flash Musharna
flash Blitzle
flash Zebstrika
flash Woobat
flash Swoobat
flash Audino
flash Sewaddle
flash Swadloon
flash Leavanny
flash Cottonee
flash Whimsicott
flash Petilil
flash Lilligant
flash Sigilyph
flash Yamask
flash Cofagrigus
flash Gothita
flash Gothorita
flash Gothitelle
flash Solosis
flash Duosion
flash Reuniclus
flash Deerling
flash Sawsbuck
flash Emolga
flash Foongus
flash Amoonguss
flash Frillish
flash Jellicent
flash Joltik
flash Galvantula
flash Ferroseed
flash Ferrothorn
flash Eelektrik
flash Eelektross
flash Elgyem
flash Beheeyem
flash Litwick
flash Lampent
flash Chandelure
flash Stunfisk
flash Golett
flash Golurk
flash Virizion
flash Zekrom
flash Meloetta
flash Genesect
flash Chespin
flash Quilladin
flash Chesnaught
flash Vivillon
flash Flabébé
flash Floette
flash Florges
flash Furfrou
flash Espurr
flash Meowstic
flash Meowstic
flash Spritzee
flash Aromatisse
flash Swirlix
flash Slurpuff
flash Inkay
flash Malamar
flash Helioptile
flash Heliolisk
flash Amaura
flash Aurorus
flash Sylveon
flash Dedenne
flash Carbink
flash Pumpkaboo
flash Gourgeist
flash Bergmite
flash Avalugg
flash Xerneas
flash Diancie
flash Hoopa
flash Hoopa
flash-cannon Blastoise
flash-cannon Magnemite
flash-cannon Magneton
flash-cannon Metang
flash-cannon Metagross
flash-cannon Registeel
flash-cannon Magnezone
flash-cannon Dialga
flash-cannon Ferroseed
flash-cannon Ferrothorn
flash-cannon Klefki
flash-cannon Solgaleo
flash-cannon Celesteela
flash-cannon Magearna
flash-cannon Meltan
flash-cannon Melmetal
flash-cannon Duraludon
flash-cannon Blastoise
flash-cannon Diglett
flash-cannon Dugtrio
flash-cannon Magnemite
flash-cannon Magneton
flash-cannon Onix
flash-cannon Horsea
flash-cannon Seadra
flash-cannon Staryu
flash-cannon Starmie
flash-cannon Mew
flash-cannon Steelix
flash-cannon Scizor
flash-cannon Octillery
flash-cannon Skarmory
flash-cannon Kingdra
flash-cannon Mawile
flash-cannon Aggron
flash-cannon Armaldo
flash-cannon Metang
flash-cannon Metagross
flash-cannon Regirock
flash-cannon Regice
flash-cannon Registeel
flash-cannon Jirachi
flash-cannon Bronzor
flash-cannon Bronzong
flash-cannon Lucario
flash-cannon Magnezone
flash-cannon Rhyperior
flash-cannon Dialga
flash-cannon Heatran
flash-cannon Roggenrola
flash-cannon Boldore
flash-cannon Gigalith
flash-cannon Sigilyph
flash-cannon Solosis
flash-cannon Duosion
flash-cannon Reuniclus
flash-cannon Vanillite
flash-cannon Vanillish
flash-cannon Vanilluxe
flash-cannon Ferroseed
flash-cannon Ferrothorn
flash-cannon Klink
flash-cannon Klang
flash-cannon Klinklang
flash-cannon Beheeyem
flash-cannon Cryogonal
flash-cannon Stunfisk
flash-cannon Druddigon
flash-cannon Golurk
flash-cannon Durant
flash-cannon Hydreigon
flash-cannon Cobalion
flash-cannon Thundurus
flash-cannon Thundurus
flash-cannon Zekrom
flash-cannon Kyurem
flash-cannon Kyurem
flash-cannon Kyurem
flash-cannon Genesect
flash-cannon Honedge
flash-cannon Doublade
flash-cannon Aegislash
flash-cannon Aegislash
flash-cannon Spritzee
flash-cannon Aromatisse
flash-cannon Clauncher
flash-cannon Clawitzer
flash-cannon Amaura
flash-cannon Aurorus
flash-cannon Klefki
flash-cannon Bergmite
flash-cannon Avalugg
flash-cannon Xerneas
flash-cannon Volcanion
flash-cannon Vikavolt
flash-cannon Silvally
flash-cannon Turtonator
flash-cannon Dhelmise
flash-cannon Kommo-o
flash-cannon Solgaleo
flash-cannon Celesteela
flash-cannon Necrozma
flash-cannon Magearna
flash-cannon Stakataka
flash-cannon Meltan
flash-cannon Melmetal
flash-cannon Corviknight
flash-cannon Copperajah
flash-cannon Duraludon
flash-cannon Zamazenta
flash-cannon Eternatus
flatter Nidoran♀
flatter Nidorina
flatter Nidoqueen
flatter Nidoran♂
flatter Nidorino
flatter Nidoking
flatter Buneary
flatter Lopunny
flatter Croagunk
flatter Toxicroak
flatter Mesprit
flatter Gothita
flatter Gothorita
flatter Gothitelle
flatter Vullaby
flatter Mandibuzz
flatter Tapu Lele
flatter Impidimp
flatter Morgrem
flatter Grimmsnarl
flatter Morpeko
flatter Meowth
flatter Persian
flatter Sableye
flatter Woobat
flatter Swoobat
fleur-cannon Magearna
fling Cubone
fling Marowak
fling Marowak
fling Chansey
fling Snorlax
fling Blissey
fling Zigzagoon
fling Linoone
fling Pelipper
fling Munchlax
fling Weavile
fling Passimian
fling Charmander
fling Charmeleon
fling Charizard
fling Squirtle
fling Wartortle
fling Blastoise
fling Pikachu
fling Raichu
fling Raichu
fling Sandshrew
fling Sandshrew
fling Sandslash
fling Sandslash
fling Nidoqueen
fling Nidoking
fling Clefairy
fling Clefable
fling Jigglypuff
fling Wigglytuff
fling Gloom
fling Vileplume
fling Psyduck
fling Golduck
fling Poliwhirl
fling Poliwrath
fling Abra
fling Kadabra
fling Alakazam
fling Machop
fling Machoke
fling Machamp
fling Slowbro
fling Slowbro
fling Haunter
fling Gengar
fling Krabby
fling Kingler
fling Cubone
fling Marowak
fling Marowak
fling Hitmonlee
fling Hitmonchan
fling Lickitung
fling Rhydon
fling Chansey
fling Kangaskhan
fling Mr. Mime
fling Mr. Mime
fling Jynx
fling Electabuzz
fling Magmar
fling Pinsir
fling Snorlax
fling Dragonite
fling Mewtwo
fling Mew
fling Pichu
fling Cleffa
fling Igglybuff
fling Togepi
fling Togetic
fling Bellossom
fling Marill
fling Azumarill
fling Sudowoodo
fling Politoed
fling Quagsire
fling Slowking
fling Slowking
fling Scizor
fling Heracross
fling Sneasel
fling Delibird
fling Smoochum
fling Elekid
fling Magby
fling Miltank
fling Blissey
fling Tyranitar
fling Celebi
fling Treecko
fling Grovyle
fling Sceptile
fling Combusken
fling Blaziken
fling Marshtomp
fling Swampert
fling Zigzagoon
fling Zigzagoon
fling Linoone
fling Linoone
fling Lombre
fling Ludicolo
fling Nuzleaf
fling Shiftry
fling Pelipper
fling Ralts
fling Kirlia
fling Gardevoir
fling Whismur
fling Loudred
fling Exploud
fling Sableye
fling Mawile
fling Aggron
fling Corphish
fling Crawdaunt
fling Duskull
fling Dusclops
fling Regirock
fling Regice
fling Registeel
fling Groudon
fling Rayquaza
fling Jirachi
fling Vespiquen
fling Buneary
fling Lopunny
fling Mime Jr.
fling Happiny
fling Garchomp
fling Munchlax
fling Riolu
fling Lucario
fling Skorupi
fling Drapion
fling Croagunk
fling Toxicroak
fling Abomasnow
fling Weavile
fling Lickilicky
fling Rhyperior
fling Tangrowth
fling Electivire
fling Magmortar
fling Togekiss
fling Gallade
fling Dusknoir
fling Froslass
fling Uxie
fling Mesprit
fling Azelf
fling Palkia
fling Regigigas
fling Victini
fling Drilbur
fling Excadrill
fling Audino
fling Timburr
fling Gurdurr
fling Conkeldurr
fling Seismitoad
fling Throh
fling Sawk
fling Whimsicott
fling Krokorok
fling Krookodile
fling Darumaka
fling Darumaka
fling Darmanitan
fling Darmanitan
fling Scraggy
fling Scrafty
fling Garbodor
fling Zorua
fling Zoroark
fling Minccino
fling Cinccino
fling Gothita
fling Gothorita
fling Gothitelle
fling Reuniclus
fling Emolga
fling Axew
fling Fraxure
fling Haxorus
fling Cubchoo
fling Beartic
fling Mienfoo
fling Mienshao
fling Druddigon
fling Golett
fling Golurk
fling Pawniard
fling Bisharp
fling Heatmor
fling Tornadus
fling Tornadus
fling Thundurus
fling Thundurus
fling Reshiram
fling Zekrom
fling Landorus
fling Landorus
fling Kyurem
fling Kyurem
fling Kyurem
fling Bunnelby
fling Diggersby
fling Pancham
fling Pangoro
fling Inkay
fling Malamar
fling Binacle
fling Barbaracle
fling Hawlucha
fling Dedenne
fling Volcanion
fling Incineroar
fling Fomantis
fling Lurantis
fling Salandit
fling Salazzle
fling Stufful
fling Bewear
fling Steenee
fling Tsareena
fling Comfey
fling Oranguru
fling Passimian
fling Golisopod
fling Palossand
fling Turtonator
fling Togedemaru
fling Mimikyu
fling Drampa
fling Jangmo-o
fling Hakamo-o
fling Kommo-o
fling Tapu Lele
fling Tapu Bulu
fling Tapu Fini
fling Buzzwole
fling Pheromosa
fling Xurkitree
fling Guzzlord
fling Necrozma
fling Marshadow
fling Blacephalon
fling Zeraora
fling Grookey
fling Thwackey
fling Rillaboom
fling Drizzile
fling Inteleon
fling Skwovet
fling Greedent
fling Toxtricity
fling Toxtricity
fling Obstagoon
fling Perrserker
fling Mr. Rime
fling Milcery
fling Alcremie
fling Morpeko
fling Cufant
fling Copperajah
fling Urshifu
fling Zarude
flip-turn Squirtle
flip-turn Wartortle
flip-turn Blastoise
flip-turn Golduck
flip-turn Horsea
flip-turn Seadra
flip-turn Goldeen
flip-turn Seaking
flip-turn Staryu
flip-turn Starmie
flip-turn Vaporeon
flip-turn Kabutops
flip-turn Mew
flip-turn Kingdra
flip-turn Swampert
flip-turn Carvanha
flip-turn Sharpedo
flip-turn Milotic
flip-turn Basculin
flip-turn Keldeo
flip-turn Skrelp
flip-turn Dragalge
flip-turn Clauncher
flip-turn Clawitzer
flip-turn Popplio
flip-turn Brionne
flip-turn Primarina
flip-turn Wishiwashi
flip-turn Barraskewda
floaty-fall Pikachu
floral-healing Comfey
flower-shield Cherrim
flower-shield Comfey
flower-shield Cherubi
flower-shield Cherrim
fly Salamence
fly Rayquaza
fly Fletchling
fly Fletchinder
fly Talonflame
fly Vikavolt
fly Drampa
fly Flapple
fly Charizard
fly Zubat
fly Golbat
fly Farfetch'd
fly Aerodactyl
fly Articuno
fly Articuno
fly Zapdos
fly Zapdos
fly Moltres
fly Moltres
fly Dragonite
fly Mew
fly Hoothoot
fly Noctowl
fly Crobat
fly Togetic
fly Xatu
fly Delibird
fly Skarmory
fly Lugia
fly Ho-oh
fly Wingull
fly Pelipper
fly Vibrava
fly Flygon
fly Swablu
fly Altaria
fly Salamence
fly Latias
fly Latios
fly Rayquaza
fly Drifblim
fly Togekiss
fly Giratina
fly Giratina
fly Pidove
fly Tranquill
fly Unfezant
fly Woobat
fly Swoobat
fly Sigilyph
fly Archeops
fly Golurk
fly Rufflet
fly Braviary
fly Vullaby
fly Mandibuzz
fly Hydreigon
fly Volcarona
fly Tornadus
fly Tornadus
fly Thundurus
fly Thundurus
fly Reshiram
fly Zekrom
fly Landorus
fly Landorus
fly Kyurem
fly Kyurem
fly Kyurem
fly Genesect
fly Fletchling
fly Fletchinder
fly Talonflame
fly Hawlucha
fly Noibat
fly Noivern
fly Yveltal
fly Vikavolt
fly Drampa
fly Tapu Koko
fly Lunala
fly Celesteela
fly Naganadel
fly Rookidee
fly Corvisquire
fly Corviknight
fly Flapple
fly Cramorant
fly Dragapult
fly Eternatus
flying-press Hawlucha
focus-blast Yveltal
focus-blast Charizard
focus-blast Blastoise
focus-blast Raichu
focus-blast Raichu
focus-blast Sandslash
focus-blast Sandslash
focus-blast Nidoqueen
focus-blast Nidoking
focus-blast Clefable
focus-blast Wigglytuff
focus-blast Golduck
focus-blast Poliwrath
focus-blast Alakazam
focus-blast Machop
focus-blast Machoke
focus-blast Machamp
focus-blast Slowbro
focus-blast Slowbro
focus-blast Gengar
focus-blast Marowak
focus-blast Marowak
focus-blast Hitmonlee
focus-blast Hitmonchan
focus-blast Rhydon
focus-blast Kangaskhan
focus-blast Mr. Mime
focus-blast Mr. Mime
focus-blast Jynx
focus-blast Electabuzz
focus-blast Magmar
focus-blast Pinsir
focus-blast Snorlax
focus-blast Dragonite
focus-blast Mewtwo
focus-blast Mew
focus-blast Azumarill
focus-blast Politoed
focus-blast Quagsire
focus-blast Slowking
focus-blast Slowking
focus-blast Heracross
focus-blast Hitmontop
focus-blast Miltank
focus-blast Blissey
focus-blast Tyranitar
focus-blast Sceptile
focus-blast Combusken
focus-blast Blaziken
focus-blast Swampert
focus-blast Ludicolo
focus-blast Shiftry
focus-blast Gardevoir
focus-blast Exploud
focus-blast Mawile
focus-blast Aggron
focus-blast Regirock
focus-blast Regice
focus-blast Registeel
focus-blast Groudon
focus-blast Rayquaza
focus-blast Lopunny
focus-blast Riolu
focus-blast Lucario
focus-blast Croagunk
focus-blast Toxicroak
focus-blast Abomasnow
focus-blast Weavile
focus-blast Lickilicky
focus-blast Rhyperior
focus-blast Tangrowth
focus-blast Electivire
focus-blast Magmortar
focus-blast Gallade
focus-blast Dusknoir
focus-blast Palkia
focus-blast Regigigas
focus-blast Victini
focus-blast Excadrill
focus-blast Timburr
focus-blast Gurdurr
focus-blast Conkeldurr
focus-blast Seismitoad
focus-blast Throh
focus-blast Sawk
focus-blast Krookodile
focus-blast Darmanitan
focus-blast Darmanitan
focus-blast Scraggy
focus-blast Scrafty
focus-blast Carracosta
focus-blast Archeops
focus-blast Garbodor
focus-blast Zoroark
focus-blast Cinccino
focus-blast Reuniclus
focus-blast Escavalier
focus-blast Haxorus
focus-blast Beartic
focus-blast Accelgor
focus-blast Mienfoo
focus-blast Mienshao
focus-blast Druddigon
focus-blast Golett
focus-blast Golurk
focus-blast Bisharp
focus-blast Heatmor
focus-blast Hydreigon
focus-blast Cobalion
focus-blast Terrakion
focus-blast Virizion
focus-blast Tornadus
focus-blast Tornadus
focus-blast Thundurus
focus-blast Thundurus
focus-blast Reshiram
focus-blast Zekrom
focus-blast Landorus
focus-blast Landorus
focus-blast Kyurem
focus-blast Kyurem
focus-blast Kyurem
focus-blast Keldeo
focus-blast Pangoro
focus-blast Barbaracle
focus-blast Dragalge
focus-blast Clawitzer
focus-blast Heliolisk
focus-blast Hawlucha
focus-blast Goodra
focus-blast Trevenant
focus-blast Gourgeist
focus-blast Noivern
focus-blast Xerneas
focus-blast Yveltal
focus-blast Zygarde
focus-blast Volcanion
focus-blast Incineroar
focus-blast Mudsdale
focus-blast Stufful
focus-blast Bewear
focus-blast Oranguru
focus-blast Passimian
focus-blast Golisopod
focus-blast Turtonator
focus-blast Drampa
focus-blast Jangmo-o
focus-blast Hakamo-o
focus-blast Kommo-o
focus-blast Tapu Lele
focus-blast Tapu Bulu
focus-blast Solgaleo
focus-blast Lunala
focus-blast Pheromosa
focus-blast Magearna
focus-blast Marshadow
focus-blast Zeraora
focus-blast Rillaboom
focus-blast Cinderace
focus-blast Clobbopus
focus-blast Grapploct
focus-blast Grimmsnarl
focus-blast Mr. Rime
focus-blast Falinks
focus-blast Zacian
focus-blast Zamazenta
focus-blast Urshifu
focus-blast Urshifu
focus-energy Nidoran♂
focus-energy Nidorino
focus-energy Nidoking
focus-energy Machop
focus-energy Machoke
focus-energy Machamp
focus-energy Cubone
focus-energy Marowak
focus-energy Marowak
focus-energy Hitmonlee
focus-energy Hitmonchan
focus-energy Kangaskhan
focus-energy Horsea
focus-energy Seadra
focus-energy Scyther
focus-energy Pinsir
focus-energy Zapdos
focus-energy Scizor
focus-energy Remoraid
focus-energy Octillery
focus-energy Kingdra
focus-energy Tyrogue
focus-energy Hitmontop
focus-energy Torchic
focus-energy Combusken
focus-energy Blaziken
focus-energy Carvanha
focus-energy Sharpedo
focus-energy Absol
focus-energy Bagon
focus-energy Shelgon
focus-energy Salamence
focus-energy Drifloon
focus-energy Drifblim
focus-energy Stunky
focus-energy Skuntank
focus-energy Victini
focus-energy Timburr
focus-energy Gurdurr
focus-energy Conkeldurr
focus-energy Throh
focus-energy Sawk
focus-energy Bouffalant
focus-energy Deino
focus-energy Zweilous
focus-energy Hydreigon
focus-energy Passimian
focus-energy Buzzwole
focus-energy Falinks
focus-energy Kubfu
focus-energy Urshifu
focus-energy Urshifu
focus-energy Regidrago
focus-energy Nidoran♀
focus-energy Nidorina
focus-energy Nidoqueen
focus-energy Nidoran♂
focus-energy Nidorino
focus-energy Nidoking
focus-energy Machop
focus-energy Machoke
focus-energy Machamp
focus-energy Farfetch'd
focus-energy Farfetch'd
focus-energy Cubone
focus-energy Marowak
focus-energy Marowak
focus-energy Hitmonlee
focus-energy Hitmonchan
focus-energy Kangaskhan
focus-energy Horsea
focus-energy Seadra
focus-energy Scyther
focus-energy Magmar
focus-energy Pinsir
focus-energy Eevee
focus-energy Vaporeon
focus-energy Jolteon
focus-energy Flareon
focus-energy Zapdos
focus-energy Mew
focus-energy Espeon
focus-energy Umbreon
focus-energy Scizor
focus-energy Remoraid
focus-energy Octillery
focus-energy Kingdra
focus-energy Tyrogue
focus-energy Hitmontop
focus-energy Magby
focus-energy Larvitar
focus-energy Pupitar
focus-energy Tyranitar
focus-energy Torchic
focus-energy Combusken
focus-energy Blaziken
focus-energy Carvanha
focus-energy Sharpedo
focus-energy Trapinch
focus-energy Vibrava
focus-energy Flygon
focus-energy Absol
focus-energy Bagon
focus-energy Shelgon
focus-energy Salamence
focus-energy Drifloon
focus-energy Drifblim
focus-energy Stunky
focus-energy Skuntank
focus-energy Lucario
focus-energy Magmortar
focus-energy Leafeon
focus-energy Glaceon
focus-energy Victini
focus-energy Pidove
focus-energy Tranquill
focus-energy Unfezant
focus-energy Timburr
focus-energy Gurdurr
focus-energy Conkeldurr
focus-energy Throh
focus-energy Sawk
focus-energy Sandile
focus-energy Krokorok
focus-energy Krookodile
focus-energy Darumaka
focus-energy Darumaka
focus-energy Darmanitan
focus-energy Darmanitan
focus-energy Axew
focus-energy Fraxure
focus-energy Haxorus
focus-energy Mienfoo
focus-energy Mienshao
focus-energy Bouffalant
focus-energy Deino
focus-energy Zweilous
focus-energy Hydreigon
focus-energy Pangoro
focus-energy Sylveon
focus-energy Volcanion
focus-energy Lycanroc
focus-energy Passimian
focus-energy Buzzwole
focus-energy Grookey
focus-energy Thwackey
focus-energy Rillaboom
focus-energy Scorbunny
focus-energy Raboot
focus-energy Cinderace
focus-energy Inteleon
focus-energy Rookidee
focus-energy Corvisquire
focus-energy Corviknight
focus-energy Boltund
focus-energy Flapple
focus-energy Arrokuda
focus-energy Barraskewda
focus-energy Grimmsnarl
focus-energy Obstagoon
focus-energy Sirfetch'd
focus-energy Falinks
focus-energy Zacian
focus-energy Zamazenta
focus-energy Kubfu
focus-energy Urshifu
focus-energy Urshifu
focus-energy Regidrago
focus-punch Hitmonchan
focus-punch Timburr
focus-punch Gurdurr
focus-punch Conkeldurr
focus-punch Scraggy
focus-punch Scrafty
focus-punch Golurk
focus-punch Buzzwole
focus-punch Kubfu
focus-punch Urshifu
focus-punch Urshifu
focus-punch Elekid
focus-punch Magby
focus-punch Miltank
focus-punch Buneary
focus-punch Lopunny
focus-punch Darumaka
focus-punch Darumaka
focus-punch Darmanitan
focus-punch Darmanitan
focus-punch Cubchoo
focus-punch Beartic
focus-punch Mienfoo
focus-punch Mienshao
focus-punch Jangmo-o
focus-punch Hakamo-o
focus-punch Kommo-o
follow-me Clefairy
follow-me Clefable
follow-me Togepi
follow-me Togetic
follow-me Togekiss
follow-me Indeedee
force-palm Riolu
force-palm Lucario
force-palm Mienfoo
force-palm Mienshao
force-palm Marshadow
force-palm Stufful
force-palm Bewear
foresight Venonat
foresight Venomoth
foresight Machop
foresight Machoke
foresight Machamp
foresight Hitmonlee
foresight Sentret
foresight Furret
foresight Hoothoot
foresight Noctowl
foresight Yanma
foresight Tyrogue
foresight Mudkip
foresight Marshtomp
foresight Swampert
foresight Skitty
foresight Sableye
foresight Duskull
foresight Dusclops
foresight Buneary
foresight Lopunny
foresight Riolu
foresight Lucario
foresight Yanmega
foresight Dusknoir
foresight Regigigas
foresight Rowlet
foresight Dartrix
foresight Decidueye
foresight Squirtle
foresight Wartortle
foresight Blastoise
foresight Pidgey
foresight Pidgeotto
foresight Pidgeot
foresight Psyduck
foresight Golduck
foresight Mankey
foresight Primeape
foresight Farfetch'd
foresight Kangaskhan
foresight Lapras
foresight Kabuto
foresight Kabutops
foresight Aerodactyl
foresight Cyndaquil
foresight Quilava
foresight Typhlosion
foresight Togepi
foresight Togetic
foresight Girafarig
foresight Sneasel
foresight Surskit
foresight Masquerain
foresight Makuhita
foresight Hariyama
foresight Meditite
foresight Medicham
foresight Shuppet
foresight Banette
foresight Starly
foresight Staravia
foresight Staraptor
foresight Weavile
foresight Togekiss
foresight Patrat
foresight Watchog
foresight Timburr
foresight Gurdurr
foresight Conkeldurr
foresight Larvesta
foresight Volcarona
foresight Marill
foresight Azumarill
forests-curse Phantump
forests-curse Trevenant
foul-play Sableye
foul-play Sandile
foul-play Krokorok
foul-play Krookodile
foul-play Zorua
foul-play Zoroark
foul-play Inkay
foul-play Malamar
foul-play Klefki
foul-play Yveltal
foul-play Oranguru
foul-play Nickit
foul-play Thievul
foul-play Impidimp
foul-play Morgrem
foul-play Grimmsnarl
foul-play Vulpix
foul-play Vulpix
foul-play Ninetales
foul-play Ninetales
foul-play Meowth
foul-play Meowth
foul-play Meowth
foul-play Persian
foul-play Persian
foul-play Abra
foul-play Kadabra
foul-play Alakazam
foul-play Slowpoke
foul-play Slowbro
foul-play Slowbro
foul-play Gastly
foul-play Haunter
foul-play Gengar
foul-play Mr. Mime
foul-play Mr. Mime
foul-play Porygon
foul-play Moltres
foul-play Mewtwo
foul-play Mew
foul-play Xatu
foul-play Sudowoodo
foul-play Umbreon
foul-play Slowking
foul-play Slowking
foul-play Sneasel
foul-play Porygon2
foul-play Tyranitar
foul-play Seedot
foul-play Nuzleaf
foul-play Shiftry
foul-play Sableye
foul-play Mawile
foul-play Absol
foul-play Stunky
foul-play Skuntank
foul-play Bonsly
foul-play Spiritomb
foul-play Croagunk
foul-play Toxicroak
foul-play Weavile
foul-play Porygon-Z
foul-play Rotom
foul-play Rotom
foul-play Rotom
foul-play Rotom
foul-play Rotom
foul-play Rotom
foul-play Uxie
foul-play Purrloin
foul-play Liepard
foul-play Sandile
foul-play Krokorok
foul-play Krookodile
foul-play Scraggy
foul-play Scrafty
foul-play Zorua
foul-play Zoroark
foul-play Gothita
foul-play Gothorita
foul-play Gothitelle
foul-play Foongus
foul-play Amoonguss
foul-play Stunfisk
foul-play Stunfisk
foul-play Pawniard
foul-play Bisharp
foul-play Vullaby
foul-play Mandibuzz
foul-play Tornadus
foul-play Tornadus
foul-play Thundurus
foul-play Thundurus
foul-play Diggersby
foul-play Pancham
foul-play Pangoro
foul-play Inkay
foul-play Malamar
foul-play Klefki
foul-play Phantump
foul-play Trevenant
foul-play Pumpkaboo
foul-play Gourgeist
foul-play Yveltal
foul-play Lycanroc
foul-play Salandit
foul-play Salazzle
foul-play Oranguru
foul-play Nihilego
foul-play Pheromosa
foul-play Marshadow
foul-play Blacephalon
foul-play Nickit
foul-play Thievul
foul-play Sinistea
foul-play Polteageist
foul-play Impidimp
foul-play Morgrem
foul-play Grimmsnarl
foul-play Perrserker
foul-play Mr. Rime
foul-play Morpeko
foul-play Duraludon
foul-play Urshifu
foul-play Spectrier
foul-play Calyrex
freeze-shock Kyurem
freeze-dry Mr. Mime
freeze-dry Articuno
freeze-dry Glalie
freeze-dry Glaceon
freeze-dry Vanilluxe
freeze-dry Cryogonal
freeze-dry Kyurem
freeze-dry Kyurem
freeze-dry Kyurem
freeze-dry Amaura
freeze-dry Aurorus
freeze-dry Mr. Rime
freeze-dry Eiscue
freeze-dry Arctozolt
freeze-dry Arctovish
freeze-dry Vulpix
freeze-dry Ninetales
freeze-dry Lapras
freeze-dry Swinub
freeze-dry Piloswine
freeze-dry Delibird
freeze-dry Mamoswine
freeze-dry Darumaka
freeze-dry Darmanitan
freezing-glare Articuno
freezy-frost Eevee
frenzy-plant Venusaur
frenzy-plant Meganium
frenzy-plant Sceptile
frenzy-plant Torterra
frenzy-plant Serperior
frenzy-plant Chesnaught
frenzy-plant Decidueye
frost-breath Snorunt
frost-breath Glalie
frost-breath Froslass
frost-breath Cubchoo
frost-breath Beartic
frost-breath Bulbasaur
frost-breath Ivysaur
frost-breath Venusaur
frost-breath Oddish
frost-breath Gloom
frost-breath Vileplume
frost-breath Tangela
frost-breath Bellossom
frost-breath Corsola
frost-breath Corsola
frost-breath Lotad
frost-breath Lombre
frost-breath Ludicolo
frost-breath Seedot
frost-breath Nuzleaf
frost-breath Shiftry
frost-breath Cherubi
frost-breath Cherrim
frost-breath Tangrowth
frost-breath Cottonee
frost-breath Whimsicott
frost-breath Amaura
frost-breath Aurorus
frost-breath Xerneas
frost-breath Grookey
frost-breath Thwackey
frost-breath Rillaboom
frost-breath Cursola
frustration Buneary
frustration Bulbasaur
frustration Ivysaur
frustration Venusaur
frustration Charmander
frustration Charmeleon
frustration Charizard
frustration Squirtle
frustration Wartortle
frustration Blastoise
frustration Butterfree
frustration Beedrill
frustration Pidgey
frustration Pidgeotto
frustration Pidgeot
frustration Rattata
frustration Rattata
frustration Raticate
frustration Raticate
frustration Spearow
frustration Fearow
frustration Ekans
frustration Arbok
frustration Pikachu
frustration Raichu
frustration Raichu
frustration Sandshrew
frustration Sandshrew
frustration Sandslash
frustration Sandslash
frustration Nidoran♀
frustration Nidorina
frustration Nidoqueen
frustration Nidoran♂
frustration Nidorino
frustration Nidoking
frustration Clefairy
frustration Clefable
frustration Vulpix
frustration Vulpix
frustration Ninetales
frustration Ninetales
frustration Jigglypuff
frustration Wigglytuff
frustration Zubat
frustration Golbat
frustration Oddish
frustration Gloom
frustration Vileplume
frustration Paras
frustration Parasect
frustration Venonat
frustration Venomoth
frustration Diglett
frustration Diglett
frustration Dugtrio
frustration Dugtrio
frustration Meowth
frustration Meowth
frustration Persian
frustration Persian
frustration Psyduck
frustration Golduck
frustration Mankey
frustration Primeape
frustration Growlithe
frustration Arcanine
frustration Poliwag
frustration Poliwhirl
frustration Poliwrath
frustration Abra
frustration Kadabra
frustration Alakazam
frustration Machop
frustration Machoke
frustration Machamp
frustration Bellsprout
frustration Weepinbell
frustration Victreebel
frustration Tentacool
frustration Tentacruel
frustration Geodude
frustration Geodude
frustration Graveler
frustration Graveler
frustration Golem
frustration Golem
frustration Ponyta
frustration Rapidash
frustration Slowpoke
frustration Slowbro
frustration Magnemite
frustration Magneton
frustration Farfetch'd
frustration Doduo
frustration Dodrio
frustration Seel
frustration Dewgong
frustration Grimer
frustration Grimer
frustration Muk
frustration Muk
frustration Shellder
frustration Cloyster
frustration Gastly
frustration Haunter
frustration Gengar
frustration Onix
frustration Drowzee
frustration Hypno
frustration Krabby
frustration Kingler
frustration Voltorb
frustration Electrode
frustration Exeggcute
frustration Exeggutor
frustration Exeggutor
frustration Cubone
frustration Marowak
frustration Marowak
frustration Hitmonlee
frustration Hitmonchan
frustration Lickitung
frustration Koffing
frustration Weezing
frustration Rhyhorn
frustration Rhydon
frustration Chansey
frustration Tangela
frustration Kangaskhan
frustration Horsea
frustration Seadra
frustration Goldeen
frustration Seaking
frustration Staryu
frustration Starmie
frustration Mr. Mime
frustration Scyther
frustration Jynx
frustration Electabuzz
frustration Magmar
frustration Pinsir
frustration Tauros
frustration Gyarados
frustration Lapras
frustration Eevee
frustration Vaporeon
frustration Jolteon
frustration Flareon
frustration Porygon
frustration Omanyte
frustration Omastar
frustration Kabuto
frustration Kabutops
frustration Aerodactyl
frustration Snorlax
frustration Articuno
frustration Zapdos
frustration Moltres
frustration Dratini
frustration Dragonair
frustration Dragonite
frustration Mewtwo
frustration Mew
frustration Chikorita
frustration Bayleef
frustration Meganium
frustration Cyndaquil
frustration Quilava
frustration Typhlosion
frustration Totodile
frustration Croconaw
frustration Feraligatr
frustration Sentret
frustration Furret
frustration Hoothoot
frustration Noctowl
frustration Ledyba
frustration Ledian
frustration Spinarak
frustration Ariados
frustration Crobat
frustration Chinchou
frustration Lanturn
frustration Pichu
frustration Cleffa
frustration Igglybuff
frustration Togepi
frustration Togetic
frustration Natu
frustration Xatu
frustration Mareep
frustration Flaaffy
frustration Ampharos
frustration Bellossom
frustration Marill
frustration Azumarill
frustration Sudowoodo
frustration Politoed
frustration Hoppip
frustration Skiploom
frustration Jumpluff
frustration Aipom
frustration Sunkern
frustration Sunflora
frustration Yanma
frustration Wooper
frustration Quagsire
frustration Espeon
frustration Umbreon
frustration Murkrow
frustration Slowking
frustration Misdreavus
frustration Girafarig
frustration Pineco
frustration Forretress
frustration Dunsparce
frustration Gligar
frustration Steelix
frustration Snubbull
frustration Granbull
frustration Qwilfish
frustration Scizor
frustration Shuckle
frustration Heracross
frustration Sneasel
frustration Teddiursa
frustration Ursaring
frustration Slugma
frustration Magcargo
frustration Swinub
frustration Piloswine
frustration Corsola
frustration Remoraid
frustration Octillery
frustration Delibird
frustration Mantine
frustration Skarmory
frustration Houndour
frustration Houndoom
frustration Kingdra
frustration Phanpy
frustration Donphan
frustration Porygon2
frustration Stantler
frustration Tyrogue
frustration Hitmontop
frustration Smoochum
frustration Elekid
frustration Magby
frustration Miltank
frustration Blissey
frustration Raikou
frustration Entei
frustration Suicune
frustration Larvitar
frustration Pupitar
frustration Tyranitar
frustration Lugia
frustration Ho-oh
frustration Celebi
frustration Treecko
frustration Grovyle
frustration Sceptile
frustration Torchic
frustration Combusken
frustration Blaziken
frustration Mudkip
frustration Marshtomp
frustration Swampert
frustration Poochyena
frustration Mightyena
frustration Zigzagoon
frustration Linoone
frustration Beautifly
frustration Dustox
frustration Lotad
frustration Lombre
frustration Ludicolo
frustration Seedot
frustration Nuzleaf
frustration Shiftry
frustration Taillow
frustration Swellow
frustration Wingull
frustration Pelipper
frustration Ralts
frustration Kirlia
frustration Gardevoir
frustration Surskit
frustration Masquerain
frustration Shroomish
frustration Breloom
frustration Slakoth
frustration Vigoroth
frustration Slaking
frustration Nincada
frustration Ninjask
frustration Shedinja
frustration Whismur
frustration Loudred
frustration Exploud
frustration Makuhita
frustration Hariyama
frustration Azurill
frustration Nosepass
frustration Skitty
frustration Delcatty
frustration Sableye
frustration Mawile
frustration Aron
frustration Lairon
frustration Aggron
frustration Meditite
frustration Medicham
frustration Electrike
frustration Manectric
frustration Plusle
frustration Minun
frustration Volbeat
frustration Illumise
frustration Roselia
frustration Gulpin
frustration Swalot
frustration Carvanha
frustration Sharpedo
frustration Wailmer
frustration Wailord
frustration Numel
frustration Camerupt
frustration Torkoal
frustration Spoink
frustration Grumpig
frustration Spinda
frustration Trapinch
frustration Vibrava
frustration Flygon
frustration Cacnea
frustration Cacturne
frustration Swablu
frustration Altaria
frustration Zangoose
frustration Seviper
frustration Lunatone
frustration Solrock
frustration Barboach
frustration Whiscash
frustration Corphish
frustration Crawdaunt
frustration Baltoy
frustration Claydol
frustration Lileep
frustration Cradily
frustration Anorith
frustration Armaldo
frustration Feebas
frustration Milotic
frustration Castform
frustration Kecleon
frustration Shuppet
frustration Banette
frustration Duskull
frustration Dusclops
frustration Tropius
frustration Chimecho
frustration Absol
frustration Snorunt
frustration Glalie
frustration Spheal
frustration Sealeo
frustration Walrein
frustration Clamperl
frustration Huntail
frustration Gorebyss
frustration Relicanth
frustration Luvdisc
frustration Bagon
frustration Shelgon
frustration Salamence
frustration Metang
frustration Metagross
frustration Regirock
frustration Regice
frustration Registeel
frustration Latias
frustration Latios
frustration Kyogre
frustration Groudon
frustration Rayquaza
frustration Jirachi
frustration Deoxys
frustration Deoxys
frustration Deoxys
frustration Deoxys
frustration Turtwig
frustration Grotle
frustration Torterra
frustration Chimchar
frustration Monferno
frustration Infernape
frustration Piplup
frustration Prinplup
frustration Empoleon
frustration Starly
frustration Staravia
frustration Staraptor
frustration Bidoof
frustration Bibarel
frustration Kricketune
frustration Shinx
frustration Luxio
frustration Luxray
frustration Budew
frustration Roserade
frustration Cranidos
frustration Rampardos
frustration Shieldon
frustration Bastiodon
frustration Wormadam
frustration Wormadam
frustration Wormadam
frustration Mothim
frustration Vespiquen
frustration Pachirisu
frustration Buizel
frustration Floatzel
frustration Cherubi
frustration Cherrim
frustration Shellos
frustration Gastrodon
frustration Ambipom
frustration Drifloon
frustration Drifblim
frustration Buneary
frustration Lopunny
frustration Mismagius
frustration Honchkrow
frustration Glameow
frustration Purugly
frustration Chingling
frustration Stunky
frustration Skuntank
frustration Bronzor
frustration Bronzong
frustration Bonsly
frustration Mime Jr.
frustration Happiny
frustration Chatot
frustration Spiritomb
frustration Gible
frustration Gabite
frustration Garchomp
frustration Munchlax
frustration Riolu
frustration Lucario
frustration Hippopotas
frustration Hippowdon
frustration Skorupi
frustration Drapion
frustration Croagunk
frustration Toxicroak
frustration Carnivine
frustration Finneon
frustration Lumineon
frustration Mantyke
frustration Snover
frustration Abomasnow
frustration Weavile
frustration Magnezone
frustration Lickilicky
frustration Rhyperior
frustration Tangrowth
frustration Electivire
frustration Magmortar
frustration Togekiss
frustration Yanmega
frustration Leafeon
frustration Glaceon
frustration Gliscor
frustration Mamoswine
frustration Porygon-Z
frustration Gallade
frustration Probopass
frustration Dusknoir
frustration Froslass
frustration Rotom
frustration Rotom
frustration Rotom
frustration Rotom
frustration Rotom
frustration Rotom
frustration Uxie
frustration Mesprit
frustration Azelf
frustration Dialga
frustration Palkia
frustration Heatran
frustration Regigigas
frustration Giratina
frustration Giratina
frustration Cresselia
frustration Phione
frustration Manaphy
frustration Darkrai
frustration Shaymin
frustration Shaymin
frustration Arceus
frustration Victini
frustration Snivy
frustration Servine
frustration Serperior
frustration Tepig
frustration Pignite
frustration Emboar
frustration Oshawott
frustration Dewott
frustration Samurott
frustration Patrat
frustration Watchog
frustration Lillipup
frustration Herdier
frustration Stoutland
frustration Purrloin
frustration Liepard
frustration Pansage
frustration Simisage
frustration Pansear
frustration Simisear
frustration Panpour
frustration Simipour
frustration Munna
frustration Musharna
frustration Pidove
frustration Tranquill
frustration Unfezant
frustration Blitzle
frustration Zebstrika
frustration Roggenrola
frustration Boldore
frustration Gigalith
frustration Woobat
frustration Swoobat
frustration Drilbur
frustration Excadrill
frustration Audino
frustration Timburr
frustration Gurdurr
frustration Conkeldurr
frustration Tympole
frustration Palpitoad
frustration Seismitoad
frustration Throh
frustration Sawk
frustration Sewaddle
frustration Swadloon
frustration Leavanny
frustration Venipede
frustration Whirlipede
frustration Scolipede
frustration Cottonee
frustration Whimsicott
frustration Petilil
frustration Lilligant
frustration Basculin
frustration Sandile
frustration Krokorok
frustration Krookodile
frustration Darumaka
frustration Darmanitan
frustration Maractus
frustration Dwebble
frustration Crustle
frustration Scraggy
frustration Scrafty
frustration Sigilyph
frustration Yamask
frustration Cofagrigus
frustration Tirtouga
frustration Carracosta
frustration Archen
frustration Archeops
frustration Trubbish
frustration Garbodor
frustration Zorua
frustration Zoroark
frustration Minccino
frustration Cinccino
frustration Gothita
frustration Gothorita
frustration Gothitelle
frustration Solosis
frustration Duosion
frustration Reuniclus
frustration Ducklett
frustration Swanna
frustration Vanillite
frustration Vanillish
frustration Vanilluxe
frustration Deerling
frustration Sawsbuck
frustration Emolga
frustration Karrablast
frustration Escavalier
frustration Foongus
frustration Amoonguss
frustration Frillish
frustration Jellicent
frustration Alomomola
frustration Joltik
frustration Galvantula
frustration Ferroseed
frustration Ferrothorn
frustration Klink
frustration Klang
frustration Klinklang
frustration Eelektrik
frustration Eelektross
frustration Elgyem
frustration Beheeyem
frustration Litwick
frustration Lampent
frustration Chandelure
frustration Axew
frustration Fraxure
frustration Haxorus
frustration Cubchoo
frustration Beartic
frustration Cryogonal
frustration Shelmet
frustration Accelgor
frustration Stunfisk
frustration Mienfoo
frustration Mienshao
frustration Druddigon
frustration Golett
frustration Golurk
frustration Pawniard
frustration Bisharp
frustration Bouffalant
frustration Rufflet
frustration Braviary
frustration Vullaby
frustration Mandibuzz
frustration Heatmor
frustration Durant
frustration Deino
frustration Zweilous
frustration Hydreigon
frustration Larvesta
frustration Volcarona
frustration Cobalion
frustration Terrakion
frustration Virizion
frustration Tornadus
frustration Thundurus
frustration Reshiram
frustration Zekrom
frustration Landorus
frustration Kyurem
frustration Kyurem
frustration Kyurem
frustration Keldeo
frustration Meloetta
frustration Genesect
frustration Chespin
frustration Quilladin
frustration Chesnaught
frustration Fennekin
frustration Braixen
frustration Delphox
frustration Froakie
frustration Frogadier
frustration Greninja
frustration Bunnelby
frustration Diggersby
frustration Fletchling
frustration Fletchinder
frustration Talonflame
frustration Vivillon
frustration Litleo
frustration Pyroar
frustration Flabébé
frustration Floette
frustration Florges
frustration Skiddo
frustration Gogoat
frustration Pancham
frustration Pangoro
frustration Furfrou
frustration Espurr
frustration Meowstic
frustration Meowstic
frustration Honedge
frustration Doublade
frustration Aegislash
frustration Spritzee
frustration Aromatisse
frustration Swirlix
frustration Slurpuff
frustration Inkay
frustration Malamar
frustration Binacle
frustration Barbaracle
frustration Skrelp
frustration Dragalge
frustration Clauncher
frustration Clawitzer
frustration Helioptile
frustration Heliolisk
frustration Tyrunt
frustration Tyrantrum
frustration Amaura
frustration Aurorus
frustration Sylveon
frustration Hawlucha
frustration Dedenne
frustration Carbink
frustration Goomy
frustration Sliggoo
frustration Goodra
frustration Klefki
frustration Phantump
frustration Trevenant
frustration Pumpkaboo
frustration Gourgeist
frustration Bergmite
frustration Avalugg
frustration Noibat
frustration Noivern
frustration Xerneas
frustration Yveltal
frustration Zygarde
frustration Diancie
frustration Hoopa
frustration Hoopa
frustration Volcanion
frustration Rowlet
frustration Dartrix
frustration Decidueye
frustration Litten
frustration Torracat
frustration Incineroar
frustration Popplio
frustration Brionne
frustration Primarina
frustration Pikipek
frustration Trumbeak
frustration Toucannon
frustration Yungoos
frustration Gumshoos
frustration Grubbin
frustration Charjabug
frustration Vikavolt
frustration Crabrawler
frustration Crabominable
frustration Oricorio
frustration Cutiefly
frustration Ribombee
frustration Rockruff
frustration Rockruff
frustration Lycanroc
frustration Lycanroc
frustration Lycanroc
frustration Wishiwashi
frustration Mareanie
frustration Toxapex
frustration Mudbray
frustration Mudsdale
frustration Dewpider
frustration Araquanid
frustration Fomantis
frustration Lurantis
frustration Morelull
frustration Shiinotic
frustration Salandit
frustration Salazzle
frustration Stufful
frustration Bewear
frustration Bounsweet
frustration Steenee
frustration Tsareena
frustration Comfey
frustration Oranguru
frustration Passimian
frustration Wimpod
frustration Golisopod
frustration Sandygast
frustration Palossand
frustration Type: Null
frustration Silvally
frustration Minior
frustration Komala
frustration Turtonator
frustration Togedemaru
frustration Mimikyu
frustration Bruxish
frustration Drampa
frustration Dhelmise
frustration Jangmo-o
frustration Hakamo-o
frustration Kommo-o
frustration Tapu Koko
frustration Tapu Lele
frustration Tapu Bulu
frustration Tapu Fini
frustration Solgaleo
frustration Lunala
frustration Nihilego
frustration Buzzwole
frustration Pheromosa
frustration Xurkitree
frustration Celesteela
frustration Kartana
frustration Guzzlord
frustration Necrozma
frustration Magearna
frustration Marshadow
frustration Poipole
frustration Naganadel
frustration Stakataka
frustration Blacephalon
frustration Zeraora
fury-attack Nidoran♂
fury-attack Nidorino
fury-attack Nidoking
fury-attack Heracross
fury-attack Skarmory
fury-attack Swablu
fury-attack Altaria
fury-attack Bouffalant
fury-attack Poipole
fury-attack Naganadel
fury-attack Rookidee
fury-attack Corvisquire
fury-attack Corviknight
fury-attack Cramorant
fury-attack Arrokuda
fury-attack Barraskewda
fury-attack Pincurchin
fury-attack Pinsir
fury-cutter Sandshrew
fury-cutter Sandshrew
fury-cutter Sandslash
fury-cutter Sandslash
fury-cutter Farfetch'd
fury-cutter Farfetch'd
fury-cutter Scyther
fury-cutter Scizor
fury-cutter Grovyle
fury-cutter Sceptile
fury-cutter Ninjask
fury-cutter Anorith
fury-cutter Armaldo
fury-cutter Vespiquen
fury-cutter Gallade
fury-cutter Dwebble
fury-cutter Crustle
fury-cutter Karrablast
fury-cutter Escavalier
fury-cutter Joltik
fury-cutter Galvantula
fury-cutter Pawniard
fury-cutter Bisharp
fury-cutter Durant
fury-cutter Genesect
fury-cutter Honedge
fury-cutter Doublade
fury-cutter Aegislash
fury-cutter Aegislash
fury-cutter Binacle
fury-cutter Barbaracle
fury-cutter Fomantis
fury-cutter Lurantis
fury-cutter Golisopod
fury-cutter Kartana
fury-cutter Sirfetch'd
fury-cutter Trapinch
fury-cutter Vibrava
fury-cutter Flygon
fury-cutter Venipede
fury-cutter Whirlipede
fury-cutter Scolipede
fury-swipes Sandshrew
fury-swipes Sandshrew
fury-swipes Sandslash
fury-swipes Sandslash
fury-swipes Nidoran♀
fury-swipes Nidorina
fury-swipes Nidoqueen
fury-swipes Meowth
fury-swipes Meowth
fury-swipes Meowth
fury-swipes Persian
fury-swipes Persian
fury-swipes Psyduck
fury-swipes Golduck
fury-swipes Sneasel
fury-swipes Linoone
fury-swipes Linoone
fury-swipes Lombre
fury-swipes Ludicolo
fury-swipes Nincada
fury-swipes Ninjask
fury-swipes Shedinja
fury-swipes Sableye
fury-swipes Vespiquen
fury-swipes Stunky
fury-swipes Skuntank
fury-swipes Weavile
fury-swipes Purrloin
fury-swipes Liepard
fury-swipes Drilbur
fury-swipes Excadrill
fury-swipes Zorua
fury-swipes Zoroark
fury-swipes Cubchoo
fury-swipes Beartic
fury-swipes Mienfoo
fury-swipes Mienshao
fury-swipes Heatmor
fury-swipes Binacle
fury-swipes Barbaracle
fury-swipes Litten
fury-swipes Torracat
fury-swipes Incineroar
fury-swipes Zeraora
fury-swipes Obstagoon
fury-swipes Perrserker
fury-swipes Zarude
fusion-bolt Zekrom
fusion-bolt Kyurem
fusion-flare Reshiram
fusion-flare Kyurem
future-sight Kadabra
future-sight Alakazam
future-sight Articuno
future-sight Mewtwo
future-sight Natu
future-sight Xatu
future-sight Espeon
future-sight Lugia
future-sight Ho-oh
future-sight Celebi
future-sight Ralts
future-sight Kirlia
future-sight Gardevoir
future-sight Lunatone
future-sight Barboach
future-sight Whiscash
future-sight Duskull
future-sight Dusclops
future-sight Absol
future-sight Jirachi
future-sight Bronzor
future-sight Bronzong
future-sight Gallade
future-sight Dusknoir
future-sight Uxie
future-sight Mesprit
future-sight Azelf
future-sight Cresselia
future-sight Munna
future-sight Musharna
future-sight Woobat
future-sight Swoobat
future-sight Gothita
future-sight Gothorita
future-sight Gothitelle
future-sight Solosis
future-sight Duosion
future-sight Reuniclus
future-sight Meowstic
future-sight Oranguru
future-sight Calyrex
future-sight Calyrex
future-sight Calyrex
future-sight Raichu
future-sight Psyduck
future-sight Golduck
future-sight Kadabra
future-sight Alakazam
future-sight Ponyta
future-sight Rapidash
future-sight Slowpoke
future-sight Slowpoke
future-sight Slowbro
future-sight Slowbro
future-sight Exeggutor
future-sight Mr. Mime
future-sight Mr. Mime
future-sight Jynx
future-sight Lapras
future-sight Articuno
future-sight Mewtwo
future-sight Mew
future-sight Noctowl
future-sight Togepi
future-sight Togetic
future-sight Natu
future-sight Xatu
future-sight Marill
future-sight Azumarill
future-sight Espeon
future-sight Slowking
future-sight Slowking
future-sight Delibird
future-sight Lugia
future-sight Ho-oh
future-sight Celebi
future-sight Ralts
future-sight Kirlia
future-sight Gardevoir
future-sight Lunatone
future-sight Barboach
future-sight Whiscash
future-sight Claydol
future-sight Duskull
future-sight Dusclops
future-sight Absol
future-sight Latias
future-sight Latios
future-sight Jirachi
future-sight Bronzor
future-sight Bronzong
future-sight Mime Jr.
future-sight Togekiss
future-sight Gallade
future-sight Dusknoir
future-sight Uxie
future-sight Mesprit
future-sight Azelf
future-sight Cresselia
future-sight Victini
future-sight Munna
future-sight Musharna
future-sight Woobat
future-sight Swoobat
future-sight Darmanitan
future-sight Sigilyph
future-sight Gothita
future-sight Gothorita
future-sight Gothitelle
future-sight Solosis
future-sight Duosion
future-sight Reuniclus
future-sight Beheeyem
future-sight Meowstic
future-sight Inkay
future-sight Malamar
future-sight Oranguru
future-sight Tapu Lele
future-sight Solgaleo
future-sight Lunala
future-sight Necrozma
future-sight Dottler
future-sight Orbeetle
future-sight Hatterene
future-sight Mr. Rime
future-sight Indeedee
future-sight Indeedee
future-sight Calyrex
future-sight Calyrex
future-sight Calyrex
gastro-acid Shuckle
gastro-acid Lileep
gastro-acid Cradily
gastro-acid Seismitoad
gastro-acid Joltik
gastro-acid Galvantula
gastro-acid Pyukumuku
gastro-acid Guzzlord
gastro-acid Poipole
gastro-acid Naganadel
gastro-acid Snorlax
gastro-acid Chewtle
gastro-acid Drednaw
gear-grind Klink
gear-grind Klang
gear-grind Klinklang
gear-up Klinklang
gear-up Magearna
geomancy Xerneas
giga-drain Oddish
giga-drain Gloom
giga-drain Vileplume
giga-drain Exeggcute
giga-drain Exeggutor
giga-drain Exeggutor
giga-drain Tangela
giga-drain Bellossom
giga-drain Treecko
giga-drain Grovyle
giga-drain Sceptile
giga-drain Lotad
giga-drain Lombre
giga-drain Ludicolo
giga-drain Roselia
giga-drain Lileep
giga-drain Cradily
giga-drain Roserade
giga-drain Tangrowth
giga-drain Leafeon
giga-drain Cottonee
giga-drain Whimsicott
giga-drain Petilil
giga-drain Lilligant
giga-drain Maractus
giga-drain Foongus
giga-drain Amoonguss
giga-drain Shelmet
giga-drain Accelgor
giga-drain Virizion
giga-drain Morelull
giga-drain Shiinotic
giga-drain Sandygast
giga-drain Palossand
giga-drain Dhelmise
giga-drain Celesteela
giga-drain Sinistea
giga-drain Polteageist
giga-drain Calyrex
giga-drain Calyrex
giga-drain Calyrex
giga-drain Bulbasaur
giga-drain Ivysaur
giga-drain Venusaur
giga-drain Butterfree
giga-drain Zubat
giga-drain Golbat
giga-drain Oddish
giga-drain Gloom
giga-drain Vileplume
giga-drain Tentacool
giga-drain Tentacruel
giga-drain Gastly
giga-drain Haunter
giga-drain Gengar
giga-drain Exeggcute
giga-drain Exeggutor
giga-drain Exeggutor
giga-drain Tangela
giga-drain Kabuto
giga-drain Kabutops
giga-drain Mew
giga-drain Crobat
giga-drain Natu
giga-drain Xatu
giga-drain Bellossom
giga-drain Corsola
giga-drain Lugia
giga-drain Ho-oh
giga-drain Celebi
giga-drain Treecko
giga-drain Grovyle
giga-drain Sceptile
giga-drain Lotad
giga-drain Lombre
giga-drain Ludicolo
giga-drain Seedot
giga-drain Nuzleaf
giga-drain Shiftry
giga-drain Nincada
giga-drain Ninjask
giga-drain Shedinja
giga-drain Roselia
giga-drain Trapinch
giga-drain Vibrava
giga-drain Flygon
giga-drain Lileep
giga-drain Cradily
giga-drain Budew
giga-drain Roserade
giga-drain Cherubi
giga-drain Cherrim
giga-drain Snover
giga-drain Abomasnow
giga-drain Tangrowth
giga-drain Leafeon
giga-drain Uxie
giga-drain Woobat
giga-drain Swoobat
giga-drain Cottonee
giga-drain Whimsicott
giga-drain Petilil
giga-drain Lilligant
giga-drain Maractus
giga-drain Trubbish
giga-drain Garbodor
giga-drain Karrablast
giga-drain Escavalier
giga-drain Foongus
giga-drain Amoonguss
giga-drain Frillish
giga-drain Jellicent
giga-drain Joltik
giga-drain Galvantula
giga-drain Ferroseed
giga-drain Ferrothorn
giga-drain Shelmet
giga-drain Accelgor
giga-drain Heatmor
giga-drain Larvesta
giga-drain Volcarona
giga-drain Virizion
giga-drain Genesect
giga-drain Phantump
giga-drain Trevenant
giga-drain Pumpkaboo
giga-drain Gourgeist
giga-drain Rowlet
giga-drain Dartrix
giga-drain Decidueye
giga-drain Dewpider
giga-drain Araquanid
giga-drain Fomantis
giga-drain Lurantis
giga-drain Morelull
giga-drain Shiinotic
giga-drain Bounsweet
giga-drain Steenee
giga-drain Tsareena
giga-drain Comfey
giga-drain Sandygast
giga-drain Palossand
giga-drain Mimikyu
giga-drain Dhelmise
giga-drain Tapu Bulu
giga-drain Celesteela
giga-drain Kartana
giga-drain Grookey
giga-drain Thwackey
giga-drain Rillaboom
giga-drain Orbeetle
giga-drain Gossifleur
giga-drain Eldegoss
giga-drain Flapple
giga-drain Appletun
giga-drain Sinistea
giga-drain Polteageist
giga-drain Hatenna
giga-drain Hattrem
giga-drain Hatterene
giga-drain Cursola
giga-drain Alcremie
giga-drain Frosmoth
giga-drain Zarude
giga-drain Calyrex
giga-drain Calyrex
giga-drain Calyrex
giga-impact Electabuzz
giga-impact Tauros
giga-impact Aerodactyl
giga-impact Snorlax
giga-impact Tyranitar
giga-impact Electivire
giga-impact Regigigas
giga-impact Lillipup
giga-impact Herdier
giga-impact Stoutland
giga-impact Escavalier
giga-impact Axew
giga-impact Fraxure
giga-impact Haxorus
giga-impact Bouffalant
giga-impact Tyrantrum
giga-impact Xerneas
giga-impact Passimian
giga-impact Solgaleo
giga-impact Guzzlord
giga-impact Zacian
giga-impact Zamazenta
giga-impact Venusaur
giga-impact Charizard
giga-impact Blastoise
giga-impact Butterfree
giga-impact Raichu
giga-impact Raichu
giga-impact Sandslash
giga-impact Sandslash
giga-impact Nidoqueen
giga-impact Nidoking
giga-impact Clefable
giga-impact Ninetales
giga-impact Ninetales
giga-impact Wigglytuff
giga-impact Golbat
giga-impact Vileplume
giga-impact Dugtrio
giga-impact Dugtrio
giga-impact Persian
giga-impact Persian
giga-impact Golduck
giga-impact Arcanine
giga-impact Poliwrath
giga-impact Alakazam
giga-impact Machamp
giga-impact Tentacruel
giga-impact Rapidash
giga-impact Rapidash
giga-impact Slowbro
giga-impact Slowbro
giga-impact Magneton
giga-impact Cloyster
giga-impact Gengar
giga-impact Kingler
giga-impact Exeggutor
giga-impact Exeggutor
giga-impact Marowak
giga-impact Marowak
giga-impact Lickitung
giga-impact Weezing
giga-impact Weezing
giga-impact Rhydon
giga-impact Chansey
giga-impact Tangela
giga-impact Kangaskhan
giga-impact Seadra
giga-impact Seaking
giga-impact Starmie
giga-impact Mr. Mime
giga-impact Mr. Mime
giga-impact Scyther
giga-impact Jynx
giga-impact Electabuzz
giga-impact Magmar
giga-impact Pinsir
giga-impact Tauros
giga-impact Gyarados
giga-impact Lapras
giga-impact Vaporeon
giga-impact Jolteon
giga-impact Flareon
giga-impact Porygon
giga-impact Omastar
giga-impact Kabutops
giga-impact Aerodactyl
giga-impact Snorlax
giga-impact Articuno
giga-impact Articuno
giga-impact Zapdos
giga-impact Zapdos
giga-impact Moltres
giga-impact Moltres
giga-impact Dratini
giga-impact Dragonair
giga-impact Dragonite
giga-impact Mewtwo
giga-impact Mew
giga-impact Noctowl
giga-impact Crobat
giga-impact Lanturn
giga-impact Togetic
giga-impact Xatu
giga-impact Bellossom
giga-impact Azumarill
giga-impact Politoed
giga-impact Quagsire
giga-impact Espeon
giga-impact Umbreon
giga-impact Slowking
giga-impact Slowking
giga-impact Steelix
giga-impact Scizor
giga-impact Heracross
giga-impact Piloswine
giga-impact Octillery
giga-impact Mantine
giga-impact Kingdra
giga-impact Porygon2
giga-impact Miltank
giga-impact Blissey
giga-impact Raikou
giga-impact Entei
giga-impact Suicune
giga-impact Tyranitar
giga-impact Lugia
giga-impact Ho-oh
giga-impact Celebi
giga-impact Sceptile
giga-impact Blaziken
giga-impact Swampert
giga-impact Linoone
giga-impact Linoone
giga-impact Ludicolo
giga-impact Shiftry
giga-impact Pelipper
giga-impact Gardevoir
giga-impact Ninjask
giga-impact Shedinja
giga-impact Exploud
giga-impact Mawile
giga-impact Aggron
giga-impact Manectric
giga-impact Sharpedo
giga-impact Wailord
giga-impact Torkoal
giga-impact Flygon
giga-impact Altaria
giga-impact Lunatone
giga-impact Solrock
giga-impact Whiscash
giga-impact Crawdaunt
giga-impact Claydol
giga-impact Cradily
giga-impact Armaldo
giga-impact Milotic
giga-impact Dusclops
giga-impact Absol
giga-impact Glalie
giga-impact Walrein
giga-impact Relicanth
giga-impact Salamence
giga-impact Metagross
giga-impact Regirock
giga-impact Regice
giga-impact Registeel
giga-impact Latias
giga-impact Latios
giga-impact Kyogre
giga-impact Groudon
giga-impact Rayquaza
giga-impact Jirachi
giga-impact Luxray
giga-impact Roserade
giga-impact Vespiquen
giga-impact Cherrim
giga-impact Gastrodon
giga-impact Drifblim
giga-impact Lopunny
giga-impact Skuntank
giga-impact Bronzong
giga-impact Spiritomb
giga-impact Garchomp
giga-impact Lucario
giga-impact Hippowdon
giga-impact Drapion
giga-impact Toxicroak
giga-impact Abomasnow
giga-impact Weavile
giga-impact Magnezone
giga-impact Lickilicky
giga-impact Rhyperior
giga-impact Tangrowth
giga-impact Electivire
giga-impact Magmortar
giga-impact Togekiss
giga-impact Leafeon
giga-impact Glaceon
giga-impact Mamoswine
giga-impact Porygon-Z
giga-impact Gallade
giga-impact Dusknoir
giga-impact Froslass
giga-impact Uxie
giga-impact Mesprit
giga-impact Azelf
giga-impact Dialga
giga-impact Palkia
giga-impact Heatran
giga-impact Regigigas
giga-impact Giratina
giga-impact Giratina
giga-impact Cresselia
giga-impact Victini
giga-impact Lillipup
giga-impact Herdier
giga-impact Stoutland
giga-impact Liepard
giga-impact Musharna
giga-impact Unfezant
giga-impact Gigalith
giga-impact Swoobat
giga-impact Excadrill
giga-impact Audino
giga-impact Conkeldurr
giga-impact Seismitoad
giga-impact Throh
giga-impact Sawk
giga-impact Scolipede
giga-impact Whimsicott
giga-impact Lilligant
giga-impact Krookodile
giga-impact Darmanitan
giga-impact Darmanitan
giga-impact Crustle
giga-impact Scrafty
giga-impact Sigilyph
giga-impact Cofagrigus
giga-impact Carracosta
giga-impact Archeops
giga-impact Garbodor
giga-impact Zoroark
giga-impact Cinccino
giga-impact Gothitelle
giga-impact Reuniclus
giga-impact Vanilluxe
giga-impact Escavalier
giga-impact Amoonguss
giga-impact Jellicent
giga-impact Galvantula
giga-impact Ferrothorn
giga-impact Klinklang
giga-impact Beheeyem
giga-impact Chandelure
giga-impact Axew
giga-impact Fraxure
giga-impact Haxorus
giga-impact Beartic
giga-impact Accelgor
giga-impact Mienshao
giga-impact Druddigon
giga-impact Golurk
giga-impact Bisharp
giga-impact Bouffalant
giga-impact Braviary
giga-impact Mandibuzz
giga-impact Heatmor
giga-impact Durant
giga-impact Hydreigon
giga-impact Volcarona
giga-impact Cobalion
giga-impact Terrakion
giga-impact Virizion
giga-impact Tornadus
giga-impact Tornadus
giga-impact Thundurus
giga-impact Thundurus
giga-impact Reshiram
giga-impact Zekrom
giga-impact Landorus
giga-impact Landorus
giga-impact Kyurem
giga-impact Kyurem
giga-impact Kyurem
giga-impact Keldeo
giga-impact Genesect
giga-impact Diggersby
giga-impact Talonflame
giga-impact Pangoro
giga-impact Meowstic
giga-impact Meowstic
giga-impact Aegislash
giga-impact Aegislash
giga-impact Aromatisse
giga-impact Slurpuff
giga-impact Malamar
giga-impact Barbaracle
giga-impact Dragalge
giga-impact Clawitzer
giga-impact Heliolisk
giga-impact Tyrantrum
giga-impact Aurorus
giga-impact Sylveon
giga-impact Hawlucha
giga-impact Dedenne
giga-impact Goodra
giga-impact Klefki
giga-impact Trevenant
giga-impact Gourgeist
giga-impact Avalugg
giga-impact Noivern
giga-impact Xerneas
giga-impact Yveltal
giga-impact Zygarde
giga-impact Diancie
giga-impact Volcanion
giga-impact Decidueye
giga-impact Incineroar
giga-impact Primarina
giga-impact Vikavolt
giga-impact Ribombee
giga-impact Lycanroc
giga-impact Lycanroc
giga-impact Lycanroc
giga-impact Mudsdale
giga-impact Lurantis
giga-impact Shiinotic
giga-impact Bewear
giga-impact Tsareena
giga-impact Oranguru
giga-impact Passimian
giga-impact Golisopod
giga-impact Palossand
giga-impact Type: Null
giga-impact Silvally
giga-impact Turtonator
giga-impact Togedemaru
giga-impact Mimikyu
giga-impact Drampa
giga-impact Dhelmise
giga-impact Kommo-o
giga-impact Tapu Koko
giga-impact Tapu Lele
giga-impact Tapu Bulu
giga-impact Tapu Fini
giga-impact Solgaleo
giga-impact Lunala
giga-impact Buzzwole
giga-impact Pheromosa
giga-impact Xurkitree
giga-impact Celesteela
giga-impact Kartana
giga-impact Guzzlord
giga-impact Necrozma
giga-impact Magearna
giga-impact Marshadow
giga-impact Naganadel
giga-impact Stakataka
giga-impact Zeraora
giga-impact Melmetal
giga-impact Rillaboom
giga-impact Cinderace
giga-impact Inteleon
giga-impact Greedent
giga-impact Corviknight
giga-impact Orbeetle
giga-impact Thievul
giga-impact Eldegoss
giga-impact Dubwool
giga-impact Drednaw
giga-impact Boltund
giga-impact Coalossal
giga-impact Flapple
giga-impact Appletun
giga-impact Sandaconda
giga-impact Cramorant
giga-impact Barraskewda
giga-impact Toxtricity
giga-impact Toxtricity
giga-impact Centiskorch
giga-impact Grapploct
giga-impact Polteageist
giga-impact Hatterene
giga-impact Grimmsnarl
giga-impact Obstagoon
giga-impact Perrserker
giga-impact Cursola
giga-impact Mr. Rime
giga-impact Runerigus
giga-impact Alcremie
giga-impact Falinks
giga-impact Frosmoth
giga-impact Stonjourner
giga-impact Copperajah
giga-impact Dracozolt
giga-impact Arctozolt
giga-impact Dracovish
giga-impact Arctovish
giga-impact Duraludon
giga-impact Dragapult
giga-impact Zacian
giga-impact Zamazenta
giga-impact Eternatus
giga-impact Urshifu
giga-impact Urshifu
giga-impact Zarude
giga-impact Regieleki
giga-impact Regidrago
giga-impact Glastrier
giga-impact Spectrier
giga-impact Calyrex
giga-impact Calyrex
giga-impact Calyrex
glacial-lance Calyrex
glaciate Kyurem
glare Dunsparce
glare Zygarde
glare Drampa
glare Silicobra
glare Sandaconda
glare Druddigon
glare Helioptile
glare Heliolisk
glitzy-glow Eevee
grass-knot Comfey
grass-knot Zarude
grass-knot Bulbasaur
grass-knot Ivysaur
grass-knot Venusaur
grass-knot Pikachu
grass-knot Raichu
grass-knot Raichu
grass-knot Clefairy
grass-knot Clefable
grass-knot Jigglypuff
grass-knot Wigglytuff
grass-knot Oddish
grass-knot Gloom
grass-knot Vileplume
grass-knot Abra
grass-knot Kadabra
grass-knot Alakazam
grass-knot Slowpoke
grass-knot Slowpoke
grass-knot Slowbro
grass-knot Slowbro
grass-knot Exeggcute
grass-knot Exeggutor
grass-knot Exeggutor
grass-knot Chansey
grass-knot Tangela
grass-knot Starmie
grass-knot Mr. Mime
grass-knot Mr. Mime
grass-knot Jynx
grass-knot Mewtwo
grass-knot Mew
grass-knot Pichu
grass-knot Cleffa
grass-knot Igglybuff
grass-knot Togepi
grass-knot Togetic
grass-knot Natu
grass-knot Xatu
grass-knot Bellossom
grass-knot Marill
grass-knot Azumarill
grass-knot Espeon
grass-knot Slowking
grass-knot Slowking
grass-knot Smoochum
grass-knot Blissey
grass-knot Celebi
grass-knot Treecko
grass-knot Grovyle
grass-knot Sceptile
grass-knot Zigzagoon
grass-knot Zigzagoon
grass-knot Linoone
grass-knot Linoone
grass-knot Lotad
grass-knot Lombre
grass-knot Ludicolo
grass-knot Seedot
grass-knot Nuzleaf
grass-knot Shiftry
grass-knot Ralts
grass-knot Kirlia
grass-knot Gardevoir
grass-knot Mawile
grass-knot Roselia
grass-knot Lunatone
grass-knot Solrock
grass-knot Baltoy
grass-knot Claydol
grass-knot Lileep
grass-knot Cradily
grass-knot Metang
grass-knot Metagross
grass-knot Latias
grass-knot Latios
grass-knot Jirachi
grass-knot Budew
grass-knot Roserade
grass-knot Cherubi
grass-knot Cherrim
grass-knot Buneary
grass-knot Lopunny
grass-knot Bronzor
grass-knot Bronzong
grass-knot Mime Jr.
grass-knot Happiny
grass-knot Snover
grass-knot Abomasnow
grass-knot Tangrowth
grass-knot Togekiss
grass-knot Leafeon
grass-knot Gallade
grass-knot Uxie
grass-knot Mesprit
grass-knot Azelf
grass-knot Cresselia
grass-knot Victini
grass-knot Purrloin
grass-knot Liepard
grass-knot Audino
grass-knot Timburr
grass-knot Gurdurr
grass-knot Conkeldurr
grass-knot Seismitoad
grass-knot Throh
grass-knot Sawk
grass-knot Cottonee
grass-knot Whimsicott
grass-knot Petilil
grass-knot Lilligant
grass-knot Krokorok
grass-knot Krookodile
grass-knot Darumaka
grass-knot Darumaka
grass-knot Darmanitan
grass-knot Darmanitan
grass-knot Maractus
grass-knot Scraggy
grass-knot Scrafty
grass-knot Cofagrigus
grass-knot Zorua
grass-knot Zoroark
grass-knot Minccino
grass-knot Cinccino
grass-knot Gothita
grass-knot Gothorita
grass-knot Gothitelle
grass-knot Reuniclus
grass-knot Foongus
grass-knot Amoonguss
grass-knot Ferrothorn
grass-knot Haxorus
grass-knot Cubchoo
grass-knot Beartic
grass-knot Mienfoo
grass-knot Mienshao
grass-knot Golett
grass-knot Golurk
grass-knot Pawniard
grass-knot Bisharp
grass-knot Virizion
grass-knot Tornadus
grass-knot Tornadus
grass-knot Thundurus
grass-knot Thundurus
grass-knot Landorus
grass-knot Landorus
grass-knot Bunnelby
grass-knot Diggersby
grass-knot Pancham
grass-knot Pangoro
grass-knot Binacle
grass-knot Barbaracle
grass-knot Helioptile
grass-knot Heliolisk
grass-knot Hawlucha
grass-knot Dedenne
grass-knot Phantump
grass-knot Trevenant
grass-knot Pumpkaboo
grass-knot Gourgeist
grass-knot Xerneas
grass-knot Zygarde
grass-knot Rowlet
grass-knot Dartrix
grass-knot Decidueye
grass-knot Fomantis
grass-knot Lurantis
grass-knot Morelull
grass-knot Shiinotic
grass-knot Bounsweet
grass-knot Steenee
grass-knot Tsareena
grass-knot Comfey
grass-knot Passimian
grass-knot Togedemaru
grass-knot Drampa
grass-knot Dhelmise
grass-knot Tapu Koko
grass-knot Tapu Lele
grass-knot Tapu Bulu
grass-knot Tapu Fini
grass-knot Nihilego
grass-knot Xurkitree
grass-knot Celesteela
grass-knot Magearna
grass-knot Marshadow
grass-knot Zeraora
grass-knot Grookey
grass-knot Thwackey
grass-knot Rillaboom
grass-knot Thievul
grass-knot Gossifleur
grass-knot Eldegoss
grass-knot Flapple
grass-knot Appletun
grass-knot Obstagoon
grass-knot Mr. Rime
grass-knot Runerigus
grass-knot Zarude
grass-knot Calyrex
grass-knot Calyrex
grass-knot Calyrex
grass-pledge Bulbasaur
grass-pledge Ivysaur
grass-pledge Venusaur
grass-pledge Chikorita
grass-pledge Bayleef
grass-pledge Meganium
grass-pledge Treecko
grass-pledge Grovyle
grass-pledge Sceptile
grass-pledge Turtwig
grass-pledge Grotle
grass-pledge Torterra
grass-pledge Snivy
grass-pledge Servine
grass-pledge Serperior
grass-pledge Pansage
grass-pledge Simisage
grass-pledge Chespin
grass-pledge Quilladin
grass-pledge Chesnaught
grass-pledge Rowlet
grass-pledge Dartrix
grass-pledge Decidueye
grass-pledge Silvally
grass-whistle Sunkern
grass-whistle Sunflora
grass-whistle Roselia
grass-whistle Snover
grass-whistle Abomasnow
grass-whistle Leafeon
grass-whistle Swadloon
grass-whistle Bulbasaur
grass-whistle Ivysaur
grass-whistle Venusaur
grass-whistle Chikorita
grass-whistle Bayleef
grass-whistle Meganium
grass-whistle Sunkern
grass-whistle Sunflora
grass-whistle Treecko
grass-whistle Grovyle
grass-whistle Sceptile
grass-whistle Roselia
grass-whistle Cacnea
grass-whistle Cacturne
grass-whistle Budew
grass-whistle Roserade
grass-whistle Cherubi
grass-whistle Cherrim
grass-whistle Carnivine
grass-whistle Pansage
grass-whistle Simisage
grass-whistle Cottonee
grass-whistle Whimsicott
grass-whistle Petilil
grass-whistle Lilligant
grass-whistle Maractus
grass-whistle Deerling
grass-whistle Sawsbuck
grass-whistle Bounsweet
grass-whistle Steenee
grass-whistle Tsareena
grass-whistle Shaymin
grassy-glide Bulbasaur
grassy-glide Ivysaur
grassy-glide Venusaur
grassy-glide Oddish
grassy-glide Gloom
grassy-glide Vileplume
grassy-glide Exeggcute
grassy-glide Exeggutor
grassy-glide Exeggutor
grassy-glide Tangela
grassy-glide Mew
grassy-glide Bellossom
grassy-glide Celebi
grassy-glide Treecko
grassy-glide Grovyle
grassy-glide Sceptile
grassy-glide Lotad
grassy-glide Lombre
grassy-glide Ludicolo
grassy-glide Seedot
grassy-glide Nuzleaf
grassy-glide Shiftry
grassy-glide Roselia
grassy-glide Budew
grassy-glide Roserade
grassy-glide Cherubi
grassy-glide Cherrim
grassy-glide Snover
grassy-glide Abomasnow
grassy-glide Tangrowth
grassy-glide Leafeon
grassy-glide Cottonee
grassy-glide Whimsicott
grassy-glide Petilil
grassy-glide Lilligant
grassy-glide Maractus
grassy-glide Virizion
grassy-glide Phantump
grassy-glide Trevenant
grassy-glide Pumpkaboo
grassy-glide Gourgeist
grassy-glide Rowlet
grassy-glide Dartrix
grassy-glide Decidueye
grassy-glide Fomantis
grassy-glide Lurantis
grassy-glide Bounsweet
grassy-glide Steenee
grassy-glide Tsareena
grassy-glide Comfey
grassy-glide Dhelmise
grassy-glide Grookey
grassy-glide Thwackey
grassy-glide Rillaboom
grassy-glide Gossifleur
grassy-glide Eldegoss
grassy-glide Wooloo
grassy-glide Dubwool
grassy-glide Applin
grassy-glide Flapple
grassy-glide Appletun
grassy-glide Sirfetch'd
grassy-glide Zarude
grassy-terrain Oddish
grassy-terrain Gloom
grassy-terrain Vileplume
grassy-terrain Tangela
grassy-terrain Bellossom
grassy-terrain Roserade
grassy-terrain Tangrowth
grassy-terrain Comfey
grassy-terrain Tapu Bulu
grassy-terrain Rillaboom
grassy-terrain Bulbasaur
grassy-terrain Ivysaur
grassy-terrain Venusaur
grassy-terrain Oddish
grassy-terrain Gloom
grassy-terrain Vileplume
grassy-terrain Exeggcute
grassy-terrain Exeggutor
grassy-terrain Exeggutor
grassy-terrain Tangela
grassy-terrain Mew
grassy-terrain Bellossom
grassy-terrain Celebi
grassy-terrain Treecko
grassy-terrain Grovyle
grassy-terrain Sceptile
grassy-terrain Seedot
grassy-terrain Nuzleaf
grassy-terrain Shiftry
grassy-terrain Cradily
grassy-terrain Roserade
grassy-terrain Cherubi
grassy-terrain Cherrim
grassy-terrain Tangrowth
grassy-terrain Cottonee
grassy-terrain Whimsicott
grassy-terrain Lilligant
grassy-terrain Maractus
grassy-terrain Amoonguss
grassy-terrain Lurantis
grassy-terrain Comfey
grassy-terrain Tapu Bulu
grassy-terrain Rillaboom
grassy-terrain Gossifleur
grassy-terrain Eldegoss
grassy-terrain Zarude
grassy-terrain Calyrex
grassy-terrain Calyrex
grassy-terrain Calyrex
grav-apple Flapple
gravity Clefairy
gravity Clefable
gravity Dusclops
gravity Jirachi
gravity Dusknoir
gravity Sigilyph
gravity Xerneas
gravity Necrozma
gravity Stonjourner
gravity Jigglypuff
gravity Wigglytuff
gravity Chansey
gravity Igglybuff
gravity Blissey
gravity Happiny
gravity Roggenrola
gravity Boldore
gravity Gigalith
gravity Ferroseed
gravity Ferrothorn
growl Bulbasaur
growl Ivysaur
growl Venusaur
growl Charmander
growl Charmeleon
growl Charizard
growl Pikachu
growl Raichu
growl Raichu
growl Nidoran♀
growl Nidorina
growl Nidoqueen
growl Clefairy
growl Clefable
growl Diglett
growl Diglett
growl Dugtrio
growl Dugtrio
growl Meowth
growl Meowth
growl Meowth
growl Persian
growl Persian
growl Ponyta
growl Ponyta
growl Rapidash
growl Rapidash
growl Slowpoke
growl Slowpoke
growl Slowbro
growl Slowbro
growl Cubone
growl Marowak
growl Marowak
growl Kangaskhan
growl Lapras
growl Eevee
growl Vaporeon
growl Jolteon
growl Flareon
growl Hoothoot
growl Noctowl
growl Togepi
growl Togetic
growl Espeon
growl Umbreon
growl Slowking
growl Slowking
growl Miltank
growl Torchic
growl Combusken
growl Blaziken
growl Mudkip
growl Marshtomp
growl Swampert
growl Zigzagoon
growl Linoone
growl Lotad
growl Lombre
growl Ludicolo
growl Wingull
growl Pelipper
growl Ralts
growl Kirlia
growl Gardevoir
growl Mawile
growl Wailmer
growl Wailord
growl Swablu
growl Altaria
growl Spheal
growl Sealeo
growl Walrein
growl Togekiss
growl Leafeon
growl Glaceon
growl Gallade
growl Purrloin
growl Liepard
growl Pidove
growl Tranquill
growl Unfezant
growl Audino
growl Tympole
growl Palpitoad
growl Seismitoad
growl Elgyem
growl Beheeyem
growl Cubchoo
growl Beartic
growl Fletchling
growl Fletchinder
growl Talonflame
growl Amaura
growl Aurorus
growl Sylveon
growl Rowlet
growl Dartrix
growl Decidueye
growl Litten
growl Torracat
growl Incineroar
growl Popplio
growl Brionne
growl Primarina
growl Wishiwashi
growl Poipole
growl Naganadel
growl Grookey
growl Thwackey
growl Rillaboom
growl Scorbunny
growl Raboot
growl Cinderace
growl Sobble
growl Drizzile
growl Inteleon
growl Wooloo
growl Dubwool
growl Toxel
growl Toxtricity
growl Toxtricity
growl Perrserker
growl Cufant
growl Copperajah
growth Bulbasaur
growth Ivysaur
growth Venusaur
growth Oddish
growth Gloom
growth Vileplume
growth Tangela
growth Bellossom
growth Seedot
growth Nuzleaf
growth Shiftry
growth Roselia
growth Budew
growth Roserade
growth Cherubi
growth Cherrim
growth Tangrowth
growth Cottonee
growth Whimsicott
growth Petilil
growth Lilligant
growth Maractus
growth Foongus
growth Amoonguss
growth Phantump
growth Trevenant
growth Fomantis
growth Lurantis
growth Comfey
growth Dhelmise
growth Flapple
growth Appletun
growth Zarude
growth Calyrex
growth Calyrex
growth Calyrex
growth Snover
growth Abomasnow
growth Morelull
growth Shiinotic
growth Grookey
growth Thwackey
growth Rillaboom
growth Gossifleur
growth Eldegoss
grudge Vulpix
grudge Vulpix
grudge Ninetales
grudge Ninetales
grudge Corsola
grudge Shedinja
grudge Yamask
grudge Cofagrigus
grudge Cursola
grudge Gastly
grudge Haunter
grudge Gengar
grudge Koffing
grudge Weezing
grudge Weezing
grudge Ralts
grudge Kirlia
grudge Gardevoir
grudge Duskull
grudge Dusclops
grudge Spiritomb
grudge Gallade
grudge Dusknoir
grudge Phantump
grudge Trevenant
grudge Mimikyu
grudge Dreepy
grudge Drakloak
grudge Dragapult
guard-split Shuckle
guard-split Baltoy
guard-split Claydol
guard-split Latias
guard-split Yamask
guard-split Yamask
guard-split Cofagrigus
guard-split Elgyem
guard-split Beheeyem
guard-split Carbink
guard-split Diancie
guard-split Nihilego
guard-split Wooloo
guard-split Dubwool
guard-split Runerigus
guard-split Indeedee
guard-split Abra
guard-split Kadabra
guard-split Alakazam
guard-split Rhyhorn
guard-split Rhydon
guard-split Rhyperior
guard-split Shelmet
guard-split Accelgor
guard-swap Mr. Mime
guard-swap Mewtwo
guard-swap Natu
guard-swap Xatu
guard-swap Umbreon
guard-swap Shelmet
guard-swap Accelgor
guard-swap Wooloo
guard-swap Dubwool
guard-swap Abra
guard-swap Kadabra
guard-swap Alakazam
guard-swap Mr. Mime
guard-swap Mr. Mime
guard-swap Porygon
guard-swap Articuno
guard-swap Mewtwo
guard-swap Mew
guard-swap Natu
guard-swap Xatu
guard-swap Wooper
guard-swap Quagsire
guard-swap Umbreon
guard-swap Skarmory
guard-swap Porygon2
guard-swap Gardevoir
guard-swap Mawile
guard-swap Baltoy
guard-swap Claydol
guard-swap Bronzor
guard-swap Bronzong
guard-swap Porygon-Z
guard-swap Cresselia
guard-swap Victini
guard-swap Munna
guard-swap Musharna
guard-swap Darmanitan
guard-swap Cofagrigus
guard-swap Tirtouga
guard-swap Carracosta
guard-swap Gothita
guard-swap Gothorita
guard-swap Gothitelle
guard-swap Solosis
guard-swap Duosion
guard-swap Reuniclus
guard-swap Elgyem
guard-swap Beheeyem
guard-swap Shelmet
guard-swap Accelgor
guard-swap Inkay
guard-swap Malamar
guard-swap Carbink
guard-swap Diancie
guard-swap Tapu Lele
guard-swap Tapu Bulu
guard-swap Tapu Fini
guard-swap Magearna
guard-swap Dottler
guard-swap Orbeetle
guard-swap Wooloo
guard-swap Dubwool
guard-swap Hatterene
guard-swap Mr. Rime
guard-swap Runerigus
guard-swap Indeedee
guard-swap Zamazenta
guard-swap Calyrex
guard-swap Calyrex
guard-swap Calyrex
guillotine Krabby
guillotine Kingler
guillotine Pinsir
guillotine Corphish
guillotine Crawdaunt
guillotine Axew
guillotine Fraxure
guillotine Haxorus
guillotine Pawniard
guillotine Bisharp
guillotine Durant
guillotine Vikavolt
guillotine Kartana
gunk-shot Octillery
gunk-shot Trubbish
gunk-shot Garbodor
gunk-shot Meowth
gunk-shot Meowth
gunk-shot Meowth
gunk-shot Persian
gunk-shot Persian
gunk-shot Snorlax
gunk-shot Mew
gunk-shot Remoraid
gunk-shot Octillery
gunk-shot Delibird
gunk-shot Mantine
gunk-shot Zigzagoon
gunk-shot Zigzagoon
gunk-shot Linoone
gunk-shot Linoone
gunk-shot Pelipper
gunk-shot Munchlax
gunk-shot Croagunk
gunk-shot Toxicroak
gunk-shot Purrloin
gunk-shot Liepard
gunk-shot Trubbish
gunk-shot Garbodor
gunk-shot Minccino
gunk-shot Cinccino
gunk-shot Druddigon
gunk-shot Genesect
gunk-shot Diggersby
gunk-shot Pancham
gunk-shot Pangoro
gunk-shot Skrelp
gunk-shot Dragalge
gunk-shot Mareanie
gunk-shot Toxapex
gunk-shot Salandit
gunk-shot Salazzle
gunk-shot Passimian
gunk-shot Nihilego
gunk-shot Poipole
gunk-shot Naganadel
gunk-shot Scorbunny
gunk-shot Raboot
gunk-shot Cinderace
gunk-shot Toxtricity
gunk-shot Toxtricity
gunk-shot Obstagoon
gunk-shot Perrserker
gust Butterfree
gust Articuno
gust Articuno
gust Moltres
gust Moltres
gust Suicune
gust Lugia
gust Ho-oh
gust Combee
gust Vespiquen
gust Drifloon
gust Drifblim
gust Pidove
gust Tranquill
gust Unfezant
gust Woobat
gust Swoobat
gust Whimsicott
gust Sigilyph
gust Vullaby
gust Mandibuzz
gust Volcarona
gust Tornadus
gust Tornadus
gust Noibat
gust Noivern
gust Yveltal
gust Zubat
gust Farfetch'd
gust Wingull
gust Pelipper
gust Nincada
gust Ninjask
gust Shedinja
gust Trapinch
gust Vibrava
gust Flygon
gyro-ball Sandshrew
gyro-ball Sandshrew
gyro-ball Sandslash
gyro-ball Sandslash
gyro-ball Jigglypuff
gyro-ball Wigglytuff
gyro-ball Magnemite
gyro-ball Magneton
gyro-ball Hitmontop
gyro-ball Bronzor
gyro-ball Bronzong
gyro-ball Magnezone
gyro-ball Ferroseed
gyro-ball Ferrothorn
gyro-ball Dhelmise
gyro-ball Magearna
gyro-ball Squirtle
gyro-ball Wartortle
gyro-ball Blastoise
gyro-ball Sandshrew
gyro-ball Sandshrew
gyro-ball Sandslash
gyro-ball Sandslash
gyro-ball Jigglypuff
gyro-ball Wigglytuff
gyro-ball Meowth
gyro-ball Magnemite
gyro-ball Magneton
gyro-ball Onix
gyro-ball Koffing
gyro-ball Weezing
gyro-ball Weezing
gyro-ball Staryu
gyro-ball Starmie
gyro-ball Omanyte
gyro-ball Omastar
gyro-ball Mew
gyro-ball Dunsparce
gyro-ball Steelix
gyro-ball Qwilfish
gyro-ball Shuckle
gyro-ball Hitmontop
gyro-ball Miltank
gyro-ball Sableye
gyro-ball Torkoal
gyro-ball Lunatone
gyro-ball Solrock
gyro-ball Baltoy
gyro-ball Claydol
gyro-ball Glalie
gyro-ball Metang
gyro-ball Metagross
gyro-ball Rayquaza
gyro-ball Drifloon
gyro-ball Drifblim
gyro-ball Bronzor
gyro-ball Bronzong
gyro-ball Magnezone
gyro-ball Lickilicky
gyro-ball Munna
gyro-ball Musharna
gyro-ball Woobat
gyro-ball Swoobat
gyro-ball Venipede
gyro-ball Whirlipede
gyro-ball Scolipede
gyro-ball Darumaka
gyro-ball Darumaka
gyro-ball Darmanitan
gyro-ball Darmanitan
gyro-ball Solosis
gyro-ball Duosion
gyro-ball Reuniclus
gyro-ball Ferroseed
gyro-ball Ferrothorn
gyro-ball Golett
gyro-ball Golurk
gyro-ball Honedge
gyro-ball Doublade
gyro-ball Aegislash
gyro-ball Aegislash
gyro-ball Spritzee
gyro-ball Aromatisse
gyro-ball Carbink
gyro-ball Pumpkaboo
gyro-ball Gourgeist
gyro-ball Bergmite
gyro-ball Avalugg
gyro-ball Diancie
gyro-ball Volcanion
gyro-ball Passimian
gyro-ball Togedemaru
gyro-ball Dhelmise
gyro-ball Solgaleo
gyro-ball Buzzwole
gyro-ball Celesteela
gyro-ball Guzzlord
gyro-ball Necrozma
gyro-ball Magearna
gyro-ball Stakataka
gyro-ball Meltan
gyro-ball Melmetal
gyro-ball Skwovet
gyro-ball Greedent
gyro-ball Rolycoly
gyro-ball Carkol
gyro-ball Coalossal
gyro-ball Appletun
gyro-ball Perrserker
gyro-ball Duraludon
hail Sandshrew
hail Sandslash
hail Articuno
hail Snorunt
hail Glalie
hail Spheal
hail Sealeo
hail Walrein
hail Glaceon
hail Froslass
hail Vanillite
hail Vanillish
hail Vanilluxe
hail Cubchoo
hail Beartic
hail Amaura
hail Aurorus
hail Frosmoth
hail Eiscue
hail Squirtle
hail Wartortle
hail Blastoise
hail Sandshrew
hail Sandslash
hail Vulpix
hail Ninetales
hail Psyduck
hail Golduck
hail Poliwag
hail Poliwhirl
hail Poliwrath
hail Tentacool
hail Tentacruel
hail Slowpoke
hail Slowpoke
hail Slowbro
hail Slowbro
hail Shellder
hail Cloyster
hail Krabby
hail Kingler
hail Chansey
hail Kangaskhan
hail Horsea
hail Seadra
hail Goldeen
hail Seaking
hail Staryu
hail Starmie
hail Mr. Mime
hail Jynx
hail Gyarados
hail Lapras
hail Vaporeon
hail Omanyte
hail Omastar
hail Kabuto
hail Kabutops
hail Articuno
hail Zapdos
hail Dratini
hail Dragonair
hail Dragonite
hail Mewtwo
hail Mew
hail Chinchou
hail Lanturn
hail Marill
hail Azumarill
hail Politoed
hail Wooper
hail Quagsire
hail Slowking
hail Slowking
hail Qwilfish
hail Sneasel
hail Swinub
hail Piloswine
hail Corsola
hail Corsola
hail Delibird
hail Mantine
hail Kingdra
hail Smoochum
hail Blissey
hail Suicune
hail Lugia
hail Mudkip
hail Marshtomp
hail Swampert
hail Lotad
hail Lombre
hail Ludicolo
hail Wingull
hail Pelipper
hail Azurill
hail Carvanha
hail Sharpedo
hail Wailmer
hail Wailord
hail Lunatone
hail Barboach
hail Whiscash
hail Corphish
hail Crawdaunt
hail Feebas
hail Milotic
hail Absol
hail Snorunt
hail Glalie
hail Spheal
hail Sealeo
hail Walrein
hail Relicanth
hail Regice
hail Kyogre
hail Shellos
hail Gastrodon
hail Happiny
hail Mantyke
hail Snover
hail Abomasnow
hail Weavile
hail Glaceon
hail Mamoswine
hail Froslass
hail Palkia
hail Tympole
hail Palpitoad
hail Seismitoad
hail Basculin
hail Vanillite
hail Vanillish
hail Vanilluxe
hail Frillish
hail Jellicent
hail Cubchoo
hail Beartic
hail Cryogonal
hail Kyurem
hail Kyurem
hail Kyurem
hail Keldeo
hail Skrelp
hail Dragalge
hail Amaura
hail Aurorus
hail Carbink
hail Goodra
hail Bergmite
hail Avalugg
hail Xerneas
hail Diancie
hail Popplio
hail Brionne
hail Primarina
hail Wishiwashi
hail Mareanie
hail Toxapex
hail Wimpod
hail Golisopod
hail Pyukumuku
hail Type: Null
hail Silvally
hail Cursola
hail Mr. Rime
hail Frosmoth
hail Eiscue
hail Arctozolt
hail Arctovish
hail Glastrier
hail Calyrex
hammer-arm Kingler
hammer-arm Rhydon
hammer-arm Snorlax
hammer-arm Sudowoodo
hammer-arm Swampert
hammer-arm Metagross
hammer-arm Regirock
hammer-arm Regice
hammer-arm Registeel
hammer-arm Groudon
hammer-arm Rhyperior
hammer-arm Regigigas
hammer-arm Timburr
hammer-arm Gurdurr
hammer-arm Conkeldurr
hammer-arm Darmanitan
hammer-arm Reuniclus
hammer-arm Golett
hammer-arm Golurk
hammer-arm Tornadus
hammer-arm Tornadus
hammer-arm Thundurus
hammer-arm Thundurus
hammer-arm Landorus
hammer-arm Landorus
hammer-arm Diggersby
hammer-arm Pangoro
hammer-arm Stufful
hammer-arm Bewear
hammer-arm Buzzwole
hammer-arm Guzzlord
hammer-arm Grimmsnarl
hammer-arm Zarude
hammer-arm Regidrago
hammer-arm Krabby
hammer-arm Kingler
hammer-arm Lickitung
hammer-arm Kangaskhan
hammer-arm Elekid
hammer-arm Miltank
hammer-arm Whismur
hammer-arm Loudred
hammer-arm Exploud
hammer-arm Lickilicky
hammer-arm Darumaka
hammer-arm Darumaka
hammer-arm Darmanitan
hammer-arm Darmanitan
hammer-arm Grookey
hammer-arm Thwackey
hammer-arm Rillaboom
happy-hour Inkay
happy-hour Malamar
harden Metapod
harden Butterfree
harden Onix
harden Krabby
harden Kingler
harden Staryu
harden Starmie
harden Pinsir
harden Kabuto
harden Kabutops
harden Steelix
harden Qwilfish
harden Corsola
harden Corsola
harden Seedot
harden Nuzleaf
harden Shiftry
harden Nincada
harden Ninjask
harden Shedinja
harden Aron
harden Lairon
harden Aggron
harden Lunatone
harden Solrock
harden Corphish
harden Crawdaunt
harden Baltoy
harden Claydol
harden Anorith
harden Armaldo
harden Relicanth
harden Shellos
harden Gastrodon
harden Roggenrola
harden Boldore
harden Gigalith
harden Vanillite
harden Vanillish
harden Vanilluxe
harden Ferroseed
harden Ferrothorn
harden Carbink
harden Bergmite
harden Avalugg
harden Diancie
harden Sandygast
harden Palossand
harden Pyukumuku
harden Buzzwole
harden Celesteela
harden Stakataka
harden Meltan
harden Melmetal
harden Cursola
harden Sudowoodo
harden Heracross
harden Bonsly
harden Axew
harden Fraxure
harden Haxorus
harden Larvesta
harden Volcarona
harden Grubbin
harden Charjabug
harden Vikavolt
harden Wimpod
harden Golisopod
haze Zubat
haze Golbat
haze Koffing
haze Weezing
haze Weezing
haze Vaporeon
haze Crobat
haze Wooper
haze Quagsire
haze Yamask
haze Yamask
haze Cofagrigus
haze Cryogonal
haze Zygarde
haze Volcanion
haze Tapu Fini
haze Runerigus
haze Spectrier
haze Calyrex
haze Squirtle
haze Wartortle
haze Blastoise
haze Poliwag
haze Poliwhirl
haze Poliwrath
haze Tentacool
haze Tentacruel
haze Gastly
haze Haunter
haze Gengar
haze Goldeen
haze Seaking
haze Omanyte
haze Politoed
haze Qwilfish
haze Corsola
haze Remoraid
haze Octillery
haze Mantine
haze Swablu
haze Feebas
haze Milotic
haze Duskull
haze Dusclops
haze Drifloon
haze Drifblim
haze Stunky
haze Skuntank
haze Mantyke
haze Dusknoir
haze Trubbish
haze Garbodor
haze Litwick
haze Lampent
haze Chandelure
haze Skrelp
haze Dragalge
haze Amaura
haze Mareanie
haze Toxapex
haze Sobble
haze Drizzile
haze Inteleon
haze Cursola
head-charge Bouffalant
head-smash Sudowoodo
head-smash Relicanth
head-smash Basculin
head-smash Scraggy
head-smash Scrafty
head-smash Aegislash
head-smash Aegislash
head-smash Tyrantrum
head-smash Nihilego
head-smash Drednaw
head-smash Nidoran♂
head-smash Onix
head-smash Steelix
head-smash Corsola
head-smash Corsola
head-smash Aron
head-smash Archen
head-smash Deino
head-smash Zweilous
head-smash Hydreigon
head-smash Turtonator
head-smash Cursola
head-smash Eiscue
headbutt Slowpoke
headbutt Slowpoke
headbutt Slowbro
headbutt Slowbro
headbutt Cubone
headbutt Marowak
headbutt Marowak
headbutt Kangaskhan
headbutt Slowking
headbutt Slowking
headbutt Mantine
headbutt Miltank
headbutt Zigzagoon
headbutt Zigzagoon
headbutt Linoone
headbutt Linoone
headbutt Aron
headbutt Lairon
headbutt Aggron
headbutt Snorunt
headbutt Glalie
headbutt Bagon
headbutt Shelgon
headbutt Salamence
headbutt Buneary
headbutt Lopunny
headbutt Mantyke
headbutt Froslass
headbutt Victini
headbutt Roggenrola
headbutt Boldore
headbutt Gigalith
headbutt Basculin
headbutt Darumaka
headbutt Darumaka
headbutt Darmanitan
headbutt Darmanitan
headbutt Scraggy
headbutt Scrafty
headbutt Karrablast
headbutt Escavalier
headbutt Elgyem
headbutt Beheeyem
headbutt Deino
headbutt Zweilous
headbutt Hydreigon
headbutt Dewpider
headbutt Araquanid
headbutt Jangmo-o
headbutt Hakamo-o
headbutt Kommo-o
headbutt Nihilego
headbutt Meltan
headbutt Melmetal
headbutt Scorbunny
headbutt Raboot
headbutt Cinderace
headbutt Wooloo
headbutt Dubwool
headbutt Chewtle
headbutt Drednaw
headbutt Appletun
headbutt Silicobra
headbutt Sandaconda
headbutt Obstagoon
headbutt Falinks
headbutt Eiscue
headbutt Kubfu
headbutt Urshifu
headbutt Urshifu
headbutt Diglett
headbutt Diglett
headbutt Dugtrio
headbutt Dugtrio
headbutt Sudowoodo
headbutt Dunsparce
headbutt Electrike
headbutt Manectric
headbutt Bonsly
headbutt Croagunk
headbutt Toxicroak
headbutt Pawniard
headbutt Bisharp
headbutt Bouffalant
headlong-rush Torterra
headlong-rush Ursaluna
heal-bell Miltank
heal-bell Celebi
heal-block Celebi
heal-block Shedinja
heal-block Lunatone
heal-block Solrock
heal-block Baltoy
heal-block Claydol
heal-block Latios
heal-block Bronzor
heal-block Bronzong
heal-block Gothita
heal-block Gothorita
heal-block Gothitelle
heal-block Solosis
heal-block Duosion
heal-block Reuniclus
heal-block Elgyem
heal-block Beheeyem
heal-block Beheeyem
heal-block Thundurus
heal-block Klefki
heal-block Type: Null
heal-block Silvally
heal-block Yamask
heal-block Cofagrigus
heal-block Dialga
heal-block Palkia
heal-block Giratina
heal-block Giratina
heal-order Vespiquen
heal-pulse Ponyta
heal-pulse Rapidash
heal-pulse Slowpoke
heal-pulse Slowpoke
heal-pulse Slowbro
heal-pulse Slowbro
heal-pulse Chansey
heal-pulse Slowking
heal-pulse Slowking
heal-pulse Blissey
heal-pulse Ralts
heal-pulse Kirlia
heal-pulse Gardevoir
heal-pulse Latias
heal-pulse Latios
heal-pulse Lucario
heal-pulse Gallade
heal-pulse Audino
heal-pulse Aromatisse
heal-pulse Clawitzer
heal-pulse Xerneas
heal-pulse Tapu Fini
heal-pulse Hatenna
heal-pulse Hattrem
heal-pulse Hatterene
heal-pulse Calyrex
heal-pulse Calyrex
heal-pulse Calyrex
heal-pulse Clefairy
heal-pulse Clefable
heal-pulse Jigglypuff
heal-pulse Wigglytuff
heal-pulse Cleffa
heal-pulse Igglybuff
heal-pulse Cherubi
heal-pulse Cherrim
heal-pulse Gothita
heal-pulse Gothorita
heal-pulse Gothitelle
heal-pulse Indeedee
healing-wish Clefairy
healing-wish Clefable
healing-wish Ponyta
healing-wish Rapidash
healing-wish Chansey
healing-wish Blissey
healing-wish Celebi
healing-wish Gardevoir
healing-wish Latias
healing-wish Jirachi
healing-wish Buneary
healing-wish Lopunny
healing-wish Mesprit
healing-wish Hatenna
healing-wish Hattrem
healing-wish Hatterene
healing-wish Indeedee
healing-wish Cherubi
healing-wish Cherrim
healing-wish Munna
healing-wish Musharna
healing-wish Audino
healing-wish Petilil
healing-wish Lilligant
heart-stamp Jynx
heart-stamp Smoochum
heart-stamp Luvdisc
heart-stamp Woobat
heart-stamp Swoobat
heart-stamp Miltank
heart-swap Manaphy
heart-swap Magearna
heat-crash Rolycoly
heat-crash Carkol
heat-crash Coalossal
heat-crash Charizard
heat-crash Rhydon
heat-crash Snorlax
heat-crash Mew
heat-crash Blaziken
heat-crash Torkoal
heat-crash Groudon
heat-crash Rhyperior
heat-crash Heatran
heat-crash Regigigas
heat-crash Golurk
heat-crash Reshiram
heat-crash Volcanion
heat-crash Incineroar
heat-crash Turtonator
heat-crash Solgaleo
heat-crash Guzzlord
heat-crash Stakataka
heat-crash Rolycoly
heat-crash Carkol
heat-crash Coalossal
heat-crash Sizzlipede
heat-crash Centiskorch
heat-crash Stonjourner
heat-crash Copperajah
heat-wave Charizard
heat-wave Weezing
heat-wave Weezing
heat-wave Moltres
heat-wave Torkoal
heat-wave Heatran
heat-wave Volcarona
heat-wave Charmander
heat-wave Charmeleon
heat-wave Charizard
heat-wave Vulpix
heat-wave Ninetales
heat-wave Zubat
heat-wave Golbat
heat-wave Growlithe
heat-wave Arcanine
heat-wave Ponyta
heat-wave Rapidash
heat-wave Farfetch'd
heat-wave Marowak
heat-wave Weezing
heat-wave Weezing
heat-wave Magmar
heat-wave Flareon
heat-wave Aerodactyl
heat-wave Zapdos
heat-wave Moltres
heat-wave Dragonite
heat-wave Mew
heat-wave Hoothoot
heat-wave Noctowl
heat-wave Crobat
heat-wave Togetic
heat-wave Natu
heat-wave Xatu
heat-wave Magby
heat-wave Entei
heat-wave Ho-oh
heat-wave Torchic
heat-wave Combusken
heat-wave Blaziken
heat-wave Shiftry
heat-wave Torkoal
heat-wave Vibrava
heat-wave Flygon
heat-wave Swablu
heat-wave Altaria
heat-wave Solrock
heat-wave Salamence
heat-wave Magmortar
heat-wave Togekiss
heat-wave Heatran
heat-wave Victini
heat-wave Pidove
heat-wave Tranquill
heat-wave Unfezant
heat-wave Woobat
heat-wave Swoobat
heat-wave Darumaka
heat-wave Darumaka
heat-wave Darmanitan
heat-wave Darmanitan
heat-wave Sigilyph
heat-wave Archen
heat-wave Archeops
heat-wave Litwick
heat-wave Lampent
heat-wave Chandelure
heat-wave Druddigon
heat-wave Rufflet
heat-wave Braviary
heat-wave Vullaby
heat-wave Mandibuzz
heat-wave Heatmor
heat-wave Hydreigon
heat-wave Larvesta
heat-wave Volcarona
heat-wave Tornadus
heat-wave Tornadus
heat-wave Reshiram
heat-wave Fletchling
heat-wave Fletchinder
heat-wave Talonflame
heat-wave Noibat
heat-wave Noivern
heat-wave Yveltal
heat-wave Volcanion
heat-wave Litten
heat-wave Torracat
heat-wave Incineroar
heat-wave Salandit
heat-wave Salazzle
heat-wave Silvally
heat-wave Turtonator
heat-wave Drampa
heat-wave Lunala
heat-wave Guzzlord
heat-wave Necrozma
heat-wave Naganadel
heat-wave Blacephalon
heat-wave Scorbunny
heat-wave Raboot
heat-wave Cinderace
heat-wave Carkol
heat-wave Coalossal
heat-wave Sizzlipede
heat-wave Centiskorch
heavy-slam Snorlax
heavy-slam Aron
heavy-slam Lairon
heavy-slam Aggron
heavy-slam Wailmer
heavy-slam Wailord
heavy-slam Registeel
heavy-slam Bronzor
heavy-slam Bronzong
heavy-slam Regigigas
heavy-slam Golett
heavy-slam Golurk
heavy-slam Mudbray
heavy-slam Mudsdale
heavy-slam Dhelmise
heavy-slam Celesteela
heavy-slam Guzzlord
heavy-slam Stonjourner
heavy-slam Copperajah
heavy-slam Machop
heavy-slam Machoke
heavy-slam Machamp
heavy-slam Onix
heavy-slam Rhydon
heavy-slam Snorlax
heavy-slam Mew
heavy-slam Steelix
heavy-slam Miltank
heavy-slam Tyranitar
heavy-slam Aron
heavy-slam Lairon
heavy-slam Aggron
heavy-slam Wailmer
heavy-slam Wailord
heavy-slam Walrein
heavy-slam Regirock
heavy-slam Regice
heavy-slam Registeel
heavy-slam Kyogre
heavy-slam Groudon
heavy-slam Bronzor
heavy-slam Bronzong
heavy-slam Hippowdon
heavy-slam Magnezone
heavy-slam Rhyperior
heavy-slam Mamoswine
heavy-slam Dialga
heavy-slam Palkia
heavy-slam Heatran
heavy-slam Regigigas
heavy-slam Roggenrola
heavy-slam Boldore
heavy-slam Gigalith
heavy-slam Crustle
heavy-slam Ferrothorn
heavy-slam Beartic
heavy-slam Golett
heavy-slam Golurk
heavy-slam Avalugg
heavy-slam Volcanion
heavy-slam Mudbray
heavy-slam Mudsdale
heavy-slam Turtonator
heavy-slam Dhelmise
heavy-slam Solgaleo
heavy-slam Celesteela
heavy-slam Guzzlord
heavy-slam Stakataka
heavy-slam Melmetal
heavy-slam Corviknight
heavy-slam Carkol
heavy-slam Coalossal
heavy-slam Flapple
heavy-slam Appletun
heavy-slam Perrserker
heavy-slam Stonjourner
heavy-slam Copperajah
heavy-slam Duraludon
heavy-slam Glastrier
heavy-slam Calyrex
helping-hand Nidoran♀
helping-hand Nidorina
helping-hand Nidoqueen
helping-hand Nidoran♂
helping-hand Nidorino
helping-hand Nidoking
helping-hand Growlithe
helping-hand Arcanine
helping-hand Hitmonlee
helping-hand Hitmonchan
helping-hand Chansey
helping-hand Eevee
helping-hand Vaporeon
helping-hand Jolteon
helping-hand Flareon
helping-hand Marill
helping-hand Azumarill
helping-hand Espeon
helping-hand Umbreon
helping-hand Remoraid
helping-hand Octillery
helping-hand Tyrogue
helping-hand Hitmontop
helping-hand Blissey
helping-hand Azurill
helping-hand Latias
helping-hand Latios
helping-hand Jirachi
helping-hand Cherubi
helping-hand Cherrim
helping-hand Riolu
helping-hand Lucario
helping-hand Leafeon
helping-hand Glaceon
helping-hand Gallade
helping-hand Lillipup
helping-hand Herdier
helping-hand Stoutland
helping-hand Audino
helping-hand Cottonee
helping-hand Whimsicott
helping-hand Petilil
helping-hand Lilligant
helping-hand Minccino
helping-hand Cinccino
helping-hand Cobalion
helping-hand Terrakion
helping-hand Virizion
helping-hand Keldeo
helping-hand Meowstic
helping-hand Sylveon
helping-hand Wishiwashi
helping-hand Comfey
helping-hand Pyukumuku
helping-hand Magearna
helping-hand Poipole
helping-hand Naganadel
helping-hand Frosmoth
helping-hand Indeedee
helping-hand Indeedee
helping-hand Calyrex
helping-hand Calyrex
helping-hand Calyrex
helping-hand Bulbasaur
helping-hand Ivysaur
helping-hand Venusaur
helping-hand Charmander
helping-hand Charmeleon
helping-hand Charizard
helping-hand Squirtle
helping-hand Wartortle
helping-hand Blastoise
helping-hand Pikachu
helping-hand Raichu
helping-hand Raichu
helping-hand Nidoran♀
helping-hand Nidorina
helping-hand Nidoqueen
helping-hand Nidoran♂
helping-hand Nidorino
helping-hand Nidoking
helping-hand Clefairy
helping-hand Clefable
helping-hand Jigglypuff
helping-hand Wigglytuff
helping-hand Growlithe
helping-hand Arcanine
helping-hand Poliwag
helping-hand Poliwhirl
helping-hand Poliwrath
helping-hand Machop
helping-hand Machoke
helping-hand Machamp
helping-hand Farfetch'd
helping-hand Farfetch'd
helping-hand Hitmonlee
helping-hand Hitmonchan
helping-hand Lickitung
helping-hand Rhydon
helping-hand Chansey
helping-hand Kangaskhan
helping-hand Mr. Mime
helping-hand Mr. Mime
helping-hand Jynx
helping-hand Electabuzz
helping-hand Magmar
helping-hand Pinsir
helping-hand Tauros
helping-hand Lapras
helping-hand Eevee
helping-hand Vaporeon
helping-hand Jolteon
helping-hand Flareon
helping-hand Mew
helping-hand Pichu
helping-hand Cleffa
helping-hand Igglybuff
helping-hand Togepi
helping-hand Togetic
helping-hand Bellossom
helping-hand Marill
helping-hand Azumarill
helping-hand Sudowoodo
helping-hand Politoed
helping-hand Espeon
helping-hand Umbreon
helping-hand Dunsparce
helping-hand Shuckle
helping-hand Heracross
helping-hand Remoraid
helping-hand Octillery
helping-hand Delibird
helping-hand Mantine
helping-hand Tyrogue
helping-hand Hitmontop
helping-hand Smoochum
helping-hand Elekid
helping-hand Magby
helping-hand Miltank
helping-hand Blissey
helping-hand Raikou
helping-hand Entei
helping-hand Suicune
helping-hand Lugia
helping-hand Ho-oh
helping-hand Celebi
helping-hand Torchic
helping-hand Combusken
helping-hand Blaziken
helping-hand Zigzagoon
helping-hand Zigzagoon
helping-hand Linoone
helping-hand Linoone
helping-hand Ralts
helping-hand Kirlia
helping-hand Gardevoir
helping-hand Azurill
helping-hand Sableye
helping-hand Mawile
helping-hand Lunatone
helping-hand Solrock
helping-hand Milotic
helping-hand Duskull
helping-hand Dusclops
helping-hand Latias
helping-hand Latios
helping-hand Jirachi
helping-hand Shinx
helping-hand Luxio
helping-hand Luxray
helping-hand Cherubi
helping-hand Cherrim
helping-hand Buneary
helping-hand Lopunny
helping-hand Bonsly
helping-hand Mime Jr.
helping-hand Happiny
helping-hand Riolu
helping-hand Lucario
helping-hand Croagunk
helping-hand Toxicroak
helping-hand Mantyke
helping-hand Lickilicky
helping-hand Rhyperior
helping-hand Electivire
helping-hand Magmortar
helping-hand Togekiss
helping-hand Leafeon
helping-hand Glaceon
helping-hand Gallade
helping-hand Dusknoir
helping-hand Rotom
helping-hand Rotom
helping-hand Rotom
helping-hand Rotom
helping-hand Rotom
helping-hand Rotom
helping-hand Uxie
helping-hand Mesprit
helping-hand Azelf
helping-hand Cresselia
helping-hand Victini
helping-hand Lillipup
helping-hand Herdier
helping-hand Stoutland
helping-hand Munna
helping-hand Musharna
helping-hand Woobat
helping-hand Swoobat
helping-hand Audino
helping-hand Timburr
helping-hand Gurdurr
helping-hand Conkeldurr
helping-hand Throh
helping-hand Sawk
helping-hand Cottonee
helping-hand Whimsicott
helping-hand Petilil
helping-hand Lilligant
helping-hand Maractus
helping-hand Minccino
helping-hand Cinccino
helping-hand Gothita
helping-hand Gothorita
helping-hand Gothitelle
helping-hand Solosis
helping-hand Duosion
helping-hand Reuniclus
helping-hand Emolga
helping-hand Mienfoo
helping-hand Mienshao
helping-hand Golett
helping-hand Golurk
helping-hand Durant
helping-hand Zweilous
helping-hand Hydreigon
helping-hand Cobalion
helping-hand Terrakion
helping-hand Virizion
helping-hand Reshiram
helping-hand Zekrom
helping-hand Kyurem
helping-hand Kyurem
helping-hand Kyurem
helping-hand Keldeo
helping-hand Pancham
helping-hand Pangoro
helping-hand Espurr
helping-hand Meowstic
helping-hand Meowstic
helping-hand Spritzee
helping-hand Aromatisse
helping-hand Swirlix
helping-hand Slurpuff
helping-hand Binacle
helping-hand Barbaracle
helping-hand Clauncher
helping-hand Clawitzer
helping-hand Sylveon
helping-hand Hawlucha
helping-hand Dedenne
helping-hand Diancie
helping-hand Popplio
helping-hand Brionne
helping-hand Primarina
helping-hand Cutiefly
helping-hand Ribombee
helping-hand Wishiwashi
helping-hand Salandit
helping-hand Salazzle
helping-hand Bounsweet
helping-hand Steenee
helping-hand Tsareena
helping-hand Comfey
helping-hand Pyukumuku
helping-hand Togedemaru
helping-hand Drampa
helping-hand Dhelmise
helping-hand Solgaleo
helping-hand Lunala
helping-hand Magearna
helping-hand Poipole
helping-hand Naganadel
helping-hand Zeraora
helping-hand Cinderace
helping-hand Dottler
helping-hand Orbeetle
helping-hand Gossifleur
helping-hand Eldegoss
helping-hand Yamper
helping-hand Boltund
helping-hand Hatenna
helping-hand Hattrem
helping-hand Hatterene
helping-hand Obstagoon
helping-hand Sirfetch'd
helping-hand Mr. Rime
helping-hand Milcery
helping-hand Alcremie
helping-hand Falinks
helping-hand Frosmoth
helping-hand Indeedee
helping-hand Indeedee
helping-hand Dreepy
helping-hand Drakloak
helping-hand Dragapult
helping-hand Zacian
helping-hand Zamazenta
helping-hand Kubfu
helping-hand Urshifu
helping-hand Urshifu
helping-hand Calyrex
helping-hand Calyrex
helping-hand Calyrex
hex Tentacool
hex Tentacruel
hex Gastly
hex Haunter
hex Gengar
hex Marowak
hex Corsola
hex Duskull
hex Dusclops
hex Drifloon
hex Drifblim
hex Spiritomb
hex Dusknoir
hex Froslass
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Giratina
hex Giratina
hex Yamask
hex Yamask
hex Cofagrigus
hex Frillish
hex Jellicent
hex Litwick
hex Lampent
hex Chandelure
hex Phantump
hex Trevenant
hex Cursola
hex Runerigus
hex Drakloak
hex Dragapult
hex Spectrier
hex Calyrex
hex Nidoqueen
hex Nidoking
hex Vulpix
hex Vulpix
hex Ninetales
hex Ninetales
hex Tentacool
hex Tentacruel
hex Gastly
hex Haunter
hex Gengar
hex Marowak
hex Moltres
hex Mew
hex Crobat
hex Slowking
hex Dunsparce
hex Qwilfish
hex Corsola
hex Shedinja
hex Sableye
hex Baltoy
hex Claydol
hex Duskull
hex Dusclops
hex Absol
hex Snorunt
hex Glalie
hex Vespiquen
hex Drifloon
hex Drifblim
hex Stunky
hex Skuntank
hex Bronzor
hex Bronzong
hex Spiritomb
hex Dusknoir
hex Froslass
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Rotom
hex Giratina
hex Giratina
hex Venipede
hex Whirlipede
hex Scolipede
hex Yamask
hex Yamask
hex Cofagrigus
hex Zorua
hex Zoroark
hex Amoonguss
hex Frillish
hex Jellicent
hex Litwick
hex Lampent
hex Chandelure
hex Phantump
hex Trevenant
hex Pumpkaboo
hex Gourgeist
hex Decidueye
hex Toxapex
hex Mimikyu
hex Dhelmise
hex Lunala
hex Nihilego
hex Marshadow
hex Naganadel
hex Toxtricity
hex Toxtricity
hex Sinistea
hex Polteageist
hex Cursola
hex Runerigus
hex Pincurchin
hex Drakloak
hex Dragapult
hex Spectrier
hex Calyrex
hidden-power Slowking
hidden-power Unown
hidden-power Meditite
hidden-power Medicham
hidden-power Burmy
hidden-power Wormadam
hidden-power Wormadam
hidden-power Wormadam
hidden-power Mothim
hidden-power Shellos
hidden-power Gastrodon
hidden-power Solosis
hidden-power Duosion
hidden-power Reuniclus
hidden-power Elgyem
hidden-power Beheeyem
hidden-power Bulbasaur
hidden-power Ivysaur
hidden-power Venusaur
hidden-power Charmander
hidden-power Charmeleon
hidden-power Charizard
hidden-power Squirtle
hidden-power Wartortle
hidden-power Blastoise
hidden-power Butterfree
hidden-power Beedrill
hidden-power Pidgey
hidden-power Pidgeotto
hidden-power Pidgeot
hidden-power Rattata
hidden-power Rattata
hidden-power Raticate
hidden-power Raticate
hidden-power Spearow
hidden-power Fearow
hidden-power Ekans
hidden-power Arbok
hidden-power Pikachu
hidden-power Raichu
hidden-power Raichu
hidden-power Sandshrew
hidden-power Sandshrew
hidden-power Sandslash
hidden-power Sandslash
hidden-power Nidoran♀
hidden-power Nidorina
hidden-power Nidoqueen
hidden-power Nidoran♂
hidden-power Nidorino
hidden-power Nidoking
hidden-power Clefairy
hidden-power Clefable
hidden-power Vulpix
hidden-power Vulpix
hidden-power Ninetales
hidden-power Ninetales
hidden-power Jigglypuff
hidden-power Wigglytuff
hidden-power Zubat
hidden-power Golbat
hidden-power Oddish
hidden-power Gloom
hidden-power Vileplume
hidden-power Paras
hidden-power Parasect
hidden-power Venonat
hidden-power Venomoth
hidden-power Diglett
hidden-power Diglett
hidden-power Dugtrio
hidden-power Dugtrio
hidden-power Meowth
hidden-power Meowth
hidden-power Persian
hidden-power Persian
hidden-power Psyduck
hidden-power Golduck
hidden-power Mankey
hidden-power Primeape
hidden-power Growlithe
hidden-power Arcanine
hidden-power Poliwag
hidden-power Poliwhirl
hidden-power Poliwrath
hidden-power Abra
hidden-power Kadabra
hidden-power Alakazam
hidden-power Machop
hidden-power Machoke
hidden-power Machamp
hidden-power Bellsprout
hidden-power Weepinbell
hidden-power Victreebel
hidden-power Tentacool
hidden-power Tentacruel
hidden-power Geodude
hidden-power Geodude
hidden-power Graveler
hidden-power Graveler
hidden-power Golem
hidden-power Golem
hidden-power Ponyta
hidden-power Rapidash
hidden-power Slowpoke
hidden-power Slowbro
hidden-power Magnemite
hidden-power Magneton
hidden-power Farfetch'd
hidden-power Doduo
hidden-power Dodrio
hidden-power Seel
hidden-power Dewgong
hidden-power Grimer
hidden-power Grimer
hidden-power Muk
hidden-power Muk
hidden-power Shellder
hidden-power Cloyster
hidden-power Gastly
hidden-power Haunter
hidden-power Gengar
hidden-power Onix
hidden-power Drowzee
hidden-power Hypno
hidden-power Krabby
hidden-power Kingler
hidden-power Voltorb
hidden-power Electrode
hidden-power Exeggcute
hidden-power Exeggutor
hidden-power Exeggutor
hidden-power Cubone
hidden-power Marowak
hidden-power Marowak
hidden-power Hitmonlee
hidden-power Hitmonchan
hidden-power Lickitung
hidden-power Koffing
hidden-power Weezing
hidden-power Rhyhorn
hidden-power Rhydon
hidden-power Chansey
hidden-power Tangela
hidden-power Kangaskhan
hidden-power Horsea
hidden-power Seadra
hidden-power Goldeen
hidden-power Seaking
hidden-power Staryu
hidden-power Starmie
hidden-power Mr. Mime
hidden-power Scyther
hidden-power Jynx
hidden-power Electabuzz
hidden-power Magmar
hidden-power Pinsir
hidden-power Tauros
hidden-power Gyarados
hidden-power Lapras
hidden-power Eevee
hidden-power Vaporeon
hidden-power Jolteon
hidden-power Flareon
hidden-power Porygon
hidden-power Omanyte
hidden-power Omastar
hidden-power Kabuto
hidden-power Kabutops
hidden-power Aerodactyl
hidden-power Snorlax
hidden-power Articuno
hidden-power Zapdos
hidden-power Moltres
hidden-power Dratini
hidden-power Dragonair
hidden-power Dragonite
hidden-power Mewtwo
hidden-power Mew
hidden-power Chikorita
hidden-power Bayleef
hidden-power Meganium
hidden-power Cyndaquil
hidden-power Quilava
hidden-power Typhlosion
hidden-power Totodile
hidden-power Croconaw
hidden-power Feraligatr
hidden-power Sentret
hidden-power Furret
hidden-power Hoothoot
hidden-power Noctowl
hidden-power Ledyba
hidden-power Ledian
hidden-power Spinarak
hidden-power Ariados
hidden-power Crobat
hidden-power Chinchou
hidden-power Lanturn
hidden-power Pichu
hidden-power Cleffa
hidden-power Igglybuff
hidden-power Togepi
hidden-power Togetic
hidden-power Natu
hidden-power Xatu
hidden-power Mareep
hidden-power Flaaffy
hidden-power Ampharos
hidden-power Bellossom
hidden-power Marill
hidden-power Azumarill
hidden-power Sudowoodo
hidden-power Politoed
hidden-power Hoppip
hidden-power Skiploom
hidden-power Jumpluff
hidden-power Aipom
hidden-power Sunkern
hidden-power Sunflora
hidden-power Yanma
hidden-power Wooper
hidden-power Quagsire
hidden-power Espeon
hidden-power Umbreon
hidden-power Murkrow
hidden-power Slowking
hidden-power Misdreavus
hidden-power Unown
hidden-power Girafarig
hidden-power Pineco
hidden-power Forretress
hidden-power Dunsparce
hidden-power Gligar
hidden-power Steelix
hidden-power Snubbull
hidden-power Granbull
hidden-power Qwilfish
hidden-power Scizor
hidden-power Shuckle
hidden-power Heracross
hidden-power Sneasel
hidden-power Teddiursa
hidden-power Ursaring
hidden-power Slugma
hidden-power Magcargo
hidden-power Swinub
hidden-power Piloswine
hidden-power Corsola
hidden-power Remoraid
hidden-power Octillery
hidden-power Delibird
hidden-power Mantine
hidden-power Skarmory
hidden-power Houndour
hidden-power Houndoom
hidden-power Kingdra
hidden-power Phanpy
hidden-power Donphan
hidden-power Porygon2
hidden-power Stantler
hidden-power Tyrogue
hidden-power Hitmontop
hidden-power Smoochum
hidden-power Elekid
hidden-power Magby
hidden-power Miltank
hidden-power Blissey
hidden-power Raikou
hidden-power Entei
hidden-power Suicune
hidden-power Larvitar
hidden-power Pupitar
hidden-power Tyranitar
hidden-power Lugia
hidden-power Ho-oh
hidden-power Celebi
hidden-power Treecko
hidden-power Grovyle
hidden-power Sceptile
hidden-power Torchic
hidden-power Combusken
hidden-power Blaziken
hidden-power Mudkip
hidden-power Marshtomp
hidden-power Swampert
hidden-power Poochyena
hidden-power Mightyena
hidden-power Zigzagoon
hidden-power Linoone
hidden-power Beautifly
hidden-power Dustox
hidden-power Lotad
hidden-power Lombre
hidden-power Ludicolo
hidden-power Seedot
hidden-power Nuzleaf
hidden-power Shiftry
hidden-power Taillow
hidden-power Swellow
hidden-power Wingull
hidden-power Pelipper
hidden-power Ralts
hidden-power Kirlia
hidden-power Gardevoir
hidden-power Surskit
hidden-power Masquerain
hidden-power Shroomish
hidden-power Breloom
hidden-power Slakoth
hidden-power Vigoroth
hidden-power Slaking
hidden-power Nincada
hidden-power Ninjask
hidden-power Shedinja
hidden-power Whismur
hidden-power Loudred
hidden-power Exploud
hidden-power Makuhita
hidden-power Hariyama
hidden-power Azurill
hidden-power Nosepass
hidden-power Skitty
hidden-power Delcatty
hidden-power Sableye
hidden-power Mawile
hidden-power Aron
hidden-power Lairon
hidden-power Aggron
hidden-power Meditite
hidden-power Medicham
hidden-power Electrike
hidden-power Manectric
hidden-power Plusle
hidden-power Minun
hidden-power Volbeat
hidden-power Illumise
hidden-power Roselia
hidden-power Gulpin
hidden-power Swalot
hidden-power Carvanha
hidden-power Sharpedo
hidden-power Wailmer
hidden-power Wailord
hidden-power Numel
hidden-power Camerupt
hidden-power Torkoal
hidden-power Spoink
hidden-power Grumpig
hidden-power Spinda
hidden-power Trapinch
hidden-power Vibrava
hidden-power Flygon
hidden-power Cacnea
hidden-power Cacturne
hidden-power Swablu
hidden-power Altaria
hidden-power Zangoose
hidden-power Seviper
hidden-power Lunatone
hidden-power Solrock
hidden-power Barboach
hidden-power Whiscash
hidden-power Corphish
hidden-power Crawdaunt
hidden-power Baltoy
hidden-power Claydol
hidden-power Lileep
hidden-power Cradily
hidden-power Anorith
hidden-power Armaldo
hidden-power Feebas
hidden-power Milotic
hidden-power Castform
hidden-power Kecleon
hidden-power Shuppet
hidden-power Banette
hidden-power Duskull
hidden-power Dusclops
hidden-power Tropius
hidden-power Chimecho
hidden-power Absol
hidden-power Snorunt
hidden-power Glalie
hidden-power Spheal
hidden-power Sealeo
hidden-power Walrein
hidden-power Clamperl
hidden-power Huntail
hidden-power Gorebyss
hidden-power Relicanth
hidden-power Luvdisc
hidden-power Bagon
hidden-power Shelgon
hidden-power Salamence
hidden-power Metang
hidden-power Metagross
hidden-power Regirock
hidden-power Regice
hidden-power Registeel
hidden-power Latias
hidden-power Latios
hidden-power Kyogre
hidden-power Groudon
hidden-power Rayquaza
hidden-power Jirachi
hidden-power Deoxys
hidden-power Deoxys
hidden-power Deoxys
hidden-power Deoxys
hidden-power Turtwig
hidden-power Grotle
hidden-power Torterra
hidden-power Chimchar
hidden-power Monferno
hidden-power Infernape
hidden-power Piplup
hidden-power Prinplup
hidden-power Empoleon
hidden-power Starly
hidden-power Staravia
hidden-power Staraptor
hidden-power Bidoof
hidden-power Bibarel
hidden-power Kricketune
hidden-power Shinx
hidden-power Luxio
hidden-power Luxray
hidden-power Budew
hidden-power Roserade
hidden-power Cranidos
hidden-power Rampardos
hidden-power Shieldon
hidden-power Bastiodon
hidden-power Burmy
hidden-power Wormadam
hidden-power Wormadam
hidden-power Wormadam
hidden-power Mothim
hidden-power Vespiquen
hidden-power Pachirisu
hidden-power Buizel
hidden-power Floatzel
hidden-power Cherubi
hidden-power Cherrim
hidden-power Shellos
hidden-power Gastrodon
hidden-power Ambipom
hidden-power Drifloon
hidden-power Drifblim
hidden-power Buneary
hidden-power Lopunny
hidden-power Mismagius
hidden-power Honchkrow
hidden-power Glameow
hidden-power Purugly
hidden-power Chingling
hidden-power Stunky
hidden-power Skuntank
hidden-power Bronzor
hidden-power Bronzong
hidden-power Bonsly
hidden-power Mime Jr.
hidden-power Happiny
hidden-power Chatot
hidden-power Spiritomb
hidden-power Gible
hidden-power Gabite
hidden-power Garchomp
hidden-power Munchlax
hidden-power Riolu
hidden-power Lucario
hidden-power Hippopotas
hidden-power Hippowdon
hidden-power Skorupi
hidden-power Drapion
hidden-power Croagunk
hidden-power Toxicroak
hidden-power Carnivine
hidden-power Finneon
hidden-power Lumineon
hidden-power Mantyke
hidden-power Snover
hidden-power Abomasnow
hidden-power Weavile
hidden-power Magnezone
hidden-power Lickilicky
hidden-power Rhyperior
hidden-power Tangrowth
hidden-power Electivire
hidden-power Magmortar
hidden-power Togekiss
hidden-power Yanmega
hidden-power Leafeon
hidden-power Glaceon
hidden-power Gliscor
hidden-power Mamoswine
hidden-power Porygon-Z
hidden-power Gallade
hidden-power Probopass
hidden-power Dusknoir
hidden-power Froslass
hidden-power Rotom
hidden-power Rotom
hidden-power Rotom
hidden-power Rotom
hidden-power Rotom
hidden-power Rotom
hidden-power Uxie
hidden-power Mesprit
hidden-power Azelf
hidden-power Dialga
hidden-power Palkia
hidden-power Heatran
hidden-power Regigigas
hidden-power Giratina
hidden-power Giratina
hidden-power Cresselia
hidden-power Phione
hidden-power Manaphy
hidden-power Darkrai
hidden-power Shaymin
hidden-power Shaymin
hidden-power Arceus
hidden-power Victini
hidden-power Snivy
hidden-power Servine
hidden-power Serperior
hidden-power Tepig
hidden-power Pignite
hidden-power Emboar
hidden-power Oshawott
hidden-power Dewott
hidden-power Samurott
hidden-power Patrat
hidden-power Watchog
hidden-power Lillipup
hidden-power Herdier
hidden-power Stoutland
hidden-power Purrloin
hidden-power Liepard
hidden-power Pansage
hidden-power Simisage
hidden-power Pansear
hidden-power Simisear
hidden-power Panpour
hidden-power Simipour
hidden-power Munna
hidden-power Musharna
hidden-power Pidove
hidden-power Tranquill
hidden-power Unfezant
hidden-power Blitzle
hidden-power Zebstrika
hidden-power Roggenrola
hidden-power Boldore
hidden-power Gigalith
hidden-power Woobat
hidden-power Swoobat
hidden-power Drilbur
hidden-power Excadrill
hidden-power Audino
hidden-power Timburr
hidden-power Gurdurr
hidden-power Conkeldurr
hidden-power Tympole
hidden-power Palpitoad
hidden-power Seismitoad
hidden-power Throh
hidden-power Sawk
hidden-power Sewaddle
hidden-power Swadloon
hidden-power Leavanny
hidden-power Venipede
hidden-power Whirlipede
hidden-power Scolipede
hidden-power Cottonee
hidden-power Whimsicott
hidden-power Petilil
hidden-power Lilligant
hidden-power Basculin
hidden-power Sandile
hidden-power Krokorok
hidden-power Krookodile
hidden-power Darumaka
hidden-power Darmanitan
hidden-power Maractus
hidden-power Dwebble
hidden-power Crustle
hidden-power Scraggy
hidden-power Scrafty
hidden-power Sigilyph
hidden-power Yamask
hidden-power Cofagrigus
hidden-power Tirtouga
hidden-power Carracosta
hidden-power Archen
hidden-power Archeops
hidden-power Trubbish
hidden-power Garbodor
hidden-power Zorua
hidden-power Zoroark
hidden-power Minccino
hidden-power Cinccino
hidden-power Gothita
hidden-power Gothorita
hidden-power Gothitelle
hidden-power Solosis
hidden-power Duosion
hidden-power Reuniclus
hidden-power Ducklett
hidden-power Swanna
hidden-power Vanillite
hidden-power Vanillish
hidden-power Vanilluxe
hidden-power Deerling
hidden-power Sawsbuck
hidden-power Emolga
hidden-power Karrablast
hidden-power Escavalier
hidden-power Foongus
hidden-power Amoonguss
hidden-power Frillish
hidden-power Jellicent
hidden-power Alomomola
hidden-power Joltik
hidden-power Galvantula
hidden-power Ferroseed
hidden-power Ferrothorn
hidden-power Klink
hidden-power Klang
hidden-power Klinklang
hidden-power Eelektrik
hidden-power Eelektross
hidden-power Elgyem
hidden-power Beheeyem
hidden-power Litwick
hidden-power Lampent
hidden-power Chandelure
hidden-power Axew
hidden-power Fraxure
hidden-power Haxorus
hidden-power Cubchoo
hidden-power Beartic
hidden-power Cryogonal
hidden-power Shelmet
hidden-power Accelgor
hidden-power Stunfisk
hidden-power Mienfoo
hidden-power Mienshao
hidden-power Druddigon
hidden-power Golett
hidden-power Golurk
hidden-power Pawniard
hidden-power Bisharp
hidden-power Bouffalant
hidden-power Rufflet
hidden-power Braviary
hidden-power Vullaby
hidden-power Mandibuzz
hidden-power Heatmor
hidden-power Durant
hidden-power Deino
hidden-power Zweilous
hidden-power Hydreigon
hidden-power Larvesta
hidden-power Volcarona
hidden-power Cobalion
hidden-power Terrakion
hidden-power Virizion
hidden-power Tornadus
hidden-power Thundurus
hidden-power Reshiram
hidden-power Zekrom
hidden-power Landorus
hidden-power Kyurem
hidden-power Kyurem
hidden-power Kyurem
hidden-power Keldeo
hidden-power Meloetta
hidden-power Genesect
hidden-power Chespin
hidden-power Quilladin
hidden-power Chesnaught
hidden-power Fennekin
hidden-power Braixen
hidden-power Delphox
hidden-power Froakie
hidden-power Frogadier
hidden-power Greninja
hidden-power Bunnelby
hidden-power Diggersby
hidden-power Fletchling
hidden-power Fletchinder
hidden-power Talonflame
hidden-power Vivillon
hidden-power Litleo
hidden-power Pyroar
hidden-power Flabébé
hidden-power Floette
hidden-power Florges
hidden-power Skiddo
hidden-power Gogoat
hidden-power Pancham
hidden-power Pangoro
hidden-power Furfrou
hidden-power Espurr
hidden-power Meowstic
hidden-power Meowstic
hidden-power Honedge
hidden-power Doublade
hidden-power Aegislash
hidden-power Spritzee
hidden-power Aromatisse
hidden-power Swirlix
hidden-power Slurpuff
hidden-power Inkay
hidden-power Malamar
hidden-power Binacle
hidden-power Barbaracle
hidden-power Skrelp
hidden-power Dragalge
hidden-power Clauncher
hidden-power Clawitzer
hidden-power Helioptile
hidden-power Heliolisk
hidden-power Tyrunt
hidden-power Tyrantrum
hidden-power Amaura
hidden-power Aurorus
hidden-power Sylveon
hidden-power Hawlucha
hidden-power Dedenne
hidden-power Carbink
hidden-power Goomy
hidden-power Sliggoo
hidden-power Goodra
hidden-power Klefki
hidden-power Phantump
hidden-power Trevenant
hidden-power Pumpkaboo
hidden-power Gourgeist
hidden-power Bergmite
hidden-power Avalugg
hidden-power Noibat
hidden-power Noivern
hidden-power Xerneas
hidden-power Yveltal
hidden-power Zygarde
hidden-power Diancie
hidden-power Hoopa
hidden-power Hoopa
hidden-power Volcanion
hidden-power Rowlet
hidden-power Dartrix
hidden-power Decidueye
hidden-power Litten
hidden-power Torracat
hidden-power Incineroar
hidden-power Popplio
hidden-power Brionne
hidden-power Primarina
hidden-power Pikipek
hidden-power Trumbeak
hidden-power Toucannon
hidden-power Yungoos
hidden-power Gumshoos
hidden-power Grubbin
hidden-power Charjabug
hidden-power Vikavolt
hidden-power Crabrawler
hidden-power Crabominable
hidden-power Oricorio
hidden-power Cutiefly
hidden-power Ribombee
hidden-power Rockruff
hidden-power Rockruff
hidden-power Lycanroc
hidden-power Lycanroc
hidden-power Lycanroc
hidden-power Wishiwashi
hidden-power Mareanie
hidden-power Toxapex
hidden-power Mudbray
hidden-power Mudsdale
hidden-power Dewpider
hidden-power Araquanid
hidden-power Fomantis
hidden-power Lurantis
hidden-power Morelull
hidden-power Shiinotic
hidden-power Salandit
hidden-power Salazzle
hidden-power Stufful
hidden-power Bewear
hidden-power Bounsweet
hidden-power Steenee
hidden-power Tsareena
hidden-power Comfey
hidden-power Oranguru
hidden-power Passimian
hidden-power Wimpod
hidden-power Golisopod
hidden-power Sandygast
hidden-power Palossand
hidden-power Type: Null
hidden-power Silvally
hidden-power Minior
hidden-power Komala
hidden-power Turtonator
hidden-power Togedemaru
hidden-power Mimikyu
hidden-power Bruxish
hidden-power Drampa
hidden-power Dhelmise
hidden-power Jangmo-o
hidden-power Hakamo-o
hidden-power Kommo-o
hidden-power Tapu Koko
hidden-power Tapu Lele
hidden-power Tapu Bulu
hidden-power Tapu Fini
hidden-power Solgaleo
hidden-power Lunala
hidden-power Nihilego
hidden-power Buzzwole
hidden-power Pheromosa
hidden-power Xurkitree
hidden-power Celesteela
hidden-power Kartana
hidden-power Guzzlord
hidden-power Necrozma
hidden-power Magearna
hidden-power Marshadow
hidden-power Poipole
hidden-power Naganadel
hidden-power Stakataka
hidden-power Blacephalon
hidden-power Zeraora
high-horsepower Snorlax
high-horsepower Miltank
high-horsepower Golurk
high-horsepower Mudbray
high-horsepower Mudsdale
high-horsepower Cufant
high-horsepower Copperajah
high-horsepower Nidoqueen
high-horsepower Nidoking
high-horsepower Dugtrio
high-horsepower Dugtrio
high-horsepower Poliwrath
high-horsepower Machamp
high-horsepower Ponyta
high-horsepower Ponyta
high-horsepower Rapidash
high-horsepower Rapidash
high-horsepower Onix
high-horsepower Kingler
high-horsepower Rhyhorn
high-horsepower Rhydon
high-horsepower Pinsir
high-horsepower Tauros
high-horsepower Snorlax
high-horsepower Mew
high-horsepower Quagsire
high-horsepower Steelix
high-horsepower Heracross
high-horsepower Piloswine
high-horsepower Miltank
high-horsepower Tyranitar
high-horsepower Swampert
high-horsepower Aggron
high-horsepower Groudon
high-horsepower Hippopotas
high-horsepower Hippowdon
high-horsepower Rhyperior
high-horsepower Mamoswine
high-horsepower Regigigas
high-horsepower Drilbur
high-horsepower Excadrill
high-horsepower Gurdurr
high-horsepower Conkeldurr
high-horsepower Krookodile
high-horsepower Golurk
high-horsepower Bouffalant
high-horsepower Diggersby
high-horsepower Tyrantrum
high-horsepower Avalugg
high-horsepower Zygarde
high-horsepower Mudbray
high-horsepower Mudsdale
high-horsepower Bewear
high-horsepower Tapu Bulu
high-horsepower Buzzwole
high-horsepower Guzzlord
high-horsepower Stakataka
high-horsepower Melmetal
high-horsepower Rillaboom
high-horsepower Drednaw
high-horsepower Carkol
high-horsepower Coalossal
high-horsepower Appletun
high-horsepower Sandaconda
high-horsepower Cufant
high-horsepower Copperajah
high-horsepower Dracozolt
high-horsepower Glastrier
high-horsepower Calyrex
high-jump-kick Hitmonlee
high-jump-kick Lopunny
high-jump-kick Scraggy
high-jump-kick Scrafty
high-jump-kick Mienfoo
high-jump-kick Mienshao
high-jump-kick Hawlucha
high-jump-kick Tsareena
high-jump-kick Pheromosa
high-jump-kick Hitmonlee
high-jump-kick Hitmonchan
high-jump-kick Tyrogue
high-jump-kick Hitmontop
high-jump-kick Riolu
high-jump-kick Lucario
high-jump-kick Scorbunny
high-jump-kick Raboot
high-jump-kick Cinderace
hold-hands Vivillon
hone-claws Meowth
hone-claws Sneasel
hone-claws Linoone
hone-claws Linoone
hone-claws Skorupi
hone-claws Drapion
hone-claws Weavile
hone-claws Purrloin
hone-claws Liepard
hone-claws Drilbur
hone-claws Excadrill
hone-claws Sandile
hone-claws Krokorok
hone-claws Krookodile
hone-claws Zorua
hone-claws Zoroark
hone-claws Mienfoo
hone-claws Mienshao
hone-claws Druddigon
hone-claws Rufflet
hone-claws Braviary
hone-claws Heatmor
hone-claws Binacle
hone-claws Barbaracle
hone-claws Clauncher
hone-claws Clawitzer
hone-claws Hawlucha
hone-claws Mimikyu
hone-claws Zeraora
hone-claws Rookidee
hone-claws Corvisquire
hone-claws Corviknight
hone-claws Nickit
hone-claws Thievul
hone-claws Obstagoon
hone-claws Perrserker
hone-claws Duraludon
hone-claws Sandshrew
hone-claws Sandshrew
hone-claws Sandslash
hone-claws Sandslash
hone-claws Diglett
hone-claws Diglett
hone-claws Dugtrio
hone-claws Dugtrio
horn-attack Nidoran♂
horn-attack Nidorino
horn-attack Nidoking
horn-attack Rhyhorn
horn-attack Rhydon
horn-attack Goldeen
horn-attack Seaking
horn-attack Tauros
horn-attack Heracross
horn-attack Rhyperior
horn-attack Bouffalant
horn-attack Tapu Bulu
horn-drill Rhyhorn
horn-drill Rhydon
horn-drill Goldeen
horn-drill Seaking
horn-drill Rhyperior
horn-drill Excadrill
horn-drill Tyrunt
horn-drill Tyrantrum
horn-drill Nidoran♂
horn-drill Ponyta
horn-drill Ponyta
horn-drill Rapidash
horn-drill Rapidash
horn-drill Lapras
horn-leech Phantump
horn-leech Trevenant
horn-leech Xerneas
horn-leech Tapu Bulu
howl Growlithe
howl Arcanine
howl Raikou
howl Whismur
howl Loudred
howl Exploud
howl Electrike
howl Manectric
howl Rockruff
howl Lycanroc
howl Lycanroc
howl Lycanroc
howl Zacian
howl Zamazenta
howl Vulpix
howl Vulpix
howl Ninetales
howl Ninetales
howl Shinx
howl Luxio
howl Luxray
howl Riolu
howl Lucario
howl Lillipup
howl Herdier
howl Stoutland
howl Nickit
howl Thievul
howl Yamper
howl Boltund
hurricane Gyarados
hurricane Articuno
hurricane Articuno
hurricane Moltres
hurricane Moltres
hurricane Dragonite
hurricane Shiftry
hurricane Wingull
hurricane Pelipper
hurricane Rayquaza
hurricane Whimsicott
hurricane Volcarona
hurricane Tornadus
hurricane Tornadus
hurricane Noibat
hurricane Noivern
hurricane Yveltal
hurricane Charizard
hurricane Butterfree
hurricane Gyarados
hurricane Aerodactyl
hurricane Articuno
hurricane Articuno
hurricane Zapdos
hurricane Zapdos
hurricane Moltres
hurricane Moltres
hurricane Dragonite
hurricane Mewtwo
hurricane Mew
hurricane Hoothoot
hurricane Noctowl
hurricane Crobat
hurricane Mantine
hurricane Kingdra
hurricane Lugia
hurricane Shiftry
hurricane Wingull
hurricane Pelipper
hurricane Altaria
hurricane Salamence
hurricane Rayquaza
hurricane Unfezant
hurricane Whimsicott
hurricane Rufflet
hurricane Braviary
hurricane Volcarona
hurricane Tornadus
hurricane Tornadus
hurricane Talonflame
hurricane Noibat
hurricane Noivern
hurricane Yveltal
hurricane Decidueye
hurricane Drampa
hurricane Corviknight
hurricane Sandaconda
hurricane Cramorant
hurricane Frosmoth
hydro-cannon Blastoise
hydro-cannon Feraligatr
hydro-cannon Swampert
hydro-cannon Empoleon
hydro-cannon Samurott
hydro-cannon Greninja
hydro-cannon Primarina
hydro-pump Squirtle
hydro-pump Wartortle
hydro-pump Blastoise
hydro-pump Psyduck
hydro-pump Golduck
hydro-pump Poliwag
hydro-pump Poliwhirl
hydro-pump Poliwrath
hydro-pump Tentacool
hydro-pump Tentacruel
hydro-pump Shellder
hydro-pump Cloyster
hydro-pump Horsea
hydro-pump Seadra
hydro-pump Staryu
hydro-pump Starmie
hydro-pump Gyarados
hydro-pump Lapras
hydro-pump Vaporeon
hydro-pump Omanyte
hydro-pump Omastar
hydro-pump Chinchou
hydro-pump Lanturn
hydro-pump Marill
hydro-pump Azumarill
hydro-pump Politoed
hydro-pump Remoraid
hydro-pump Octillery
hydro-pump Mantine
hydro-pump Kingdra
hydro-pump Suicune
hydro-pump Lugia
hydro-pump Mudkip
hydro-pump Marshtomp
hydro-pump Swampert
hydro-pump Lombre
hydro-pump Ludicolo
hydro-pump Pelipper
hydro-pump Wailmer
hydro-pump Wailord
hydro-pump Milotic
hydro-pump Relicanth
hydro-pump Kyogre
hydro-pump Mantyke
hydro-pump Palkia
hydro-pump Tympole
hydro-pump Palpitoad
hydro-pump Seismitoad
hydro-pump Tirtouga
hydro-pump Carracosta
hydro-pump Frillish
hydro-pump Jellicent
hydro-pump Keldeo
hydro-pump Skrelp
hydro-pump Dragalge
hydro-pump Volcanion
hydro-pump Popplio
hydro-pump Brionne
hydro-pump Primarina
hydro-pump Wishiwashi
hydro-pump Tapu Fini
hydro-pump Inteleon
hydro-pump Cramorant
hydro-pump Squirtle
hydro-pump Wartortle
hydro-pump Blastoise
hydro-pump Psyduck
hydro-pump Golduck
hydro-pump Poliwag
hydro-pump Poliwhirl
hydro-pump Poliwrath
hydro-pump Tentacool
hydro-pump Tentacruel
hydro-pump Slowpoke
hydro-pump Slowpoke
hydro-pump Slowbro
hydro-pump Slowbro
hydro-pump Shellder
hydro-pump Cloyster
hydro-pump Kingler
hydro-pump Lickitung
hydro-pump Rhydon
hydro-pump Kangaskhan
hydro-pump Horsea
hydro-pump Seadra
hydro-pump Goldeen
hydro-pump Seaking
hydro-pump Staryu
hydro-pump Starmie
hydro-pump Magikarp
hydro-pump Gyarados
hydro-pump Lapras
hydro-pump Vaporeon
hydro-pump Omanyte
hydro-pump Omastar
hydro-pump Kabuto
hydro-pump Kabutops
hydro-pump Snorlax
hydro-pump Dratini
hydro-pump Dragonair
hydro-pump Dragonite
hydro-pump Mew
hydro-pump Chinchou
hydro-pump Lanturn
hydro-pump Marill
hydro-pump Azumarill
hydro-pump Politoed
hydro-pump Wooper
hydro-pump Quagsire
hydro-pump Slowking
hydro-pump Slowking
hydro-pump Qwilfish
hydro-pump Corsola
hydro-pump Corsola
hydro-pump Remoraid
hydro-pump Octillery
hydro-pump Mantine
hydro-pump Kingdra
hydro-pump Suicune
hydro-pump Tyranitar
hydro-pump Lugia
hydro-pump Mudkip
hydro-pump Marshtomp
hydro-pump Swampert
hydro-pump Lombre
hydro-pump Ludicolo
hydro-pump Pelipper
hydro-pump Exploud
hydro-pump Aggron
hydro-pump Carvanha
hydro-pump Sharpedo
hydro-pump Wailmer
hydro-pump Wailord
hydro-pump Barboach
hydro-pump Whiscash
hydro-pump Corphish
hydro-pump Crawdaunt
hydro-pump Milotic
hydro-pump Walrein
hydro-pump Relicanth
hydro-pump Bagon
hydro-pump Shelgon
hydro-pump Salamence
hydro-pump Kyogre
hydro-pump Rayquaza
hydro-pump Shellos
hydro-pump Gastrodon
hydro-pump Munchlax
hydro-pump Mantyke
hydro-pump Lickilicky
hydro-pump Rhyperior
hydro-pump Palkia
hydro-pump Tympole
hydro-pump Palpitoad
hydro-pump Seismitoad
hydro-pump Basculin
hydro-pump Tirtouga
hydro-pump Carracosta
hydro-pump Frillish
hydro-pump Jellicent
hydro-pump Hydreigon
hydro-pump Keldeo
hydro-pump Skrelp
hydro-pump Dragalge
hydro-pump Goodra
hydro-pump Avalugg
hydro-pump Volcanion
hydro-pump Popplio
hydro-pump Brionne
hydro-pump Primarina
hydro-pump Wishiwashi
hydro-pump Mareanie
hydro-pump Toxapex
hydro-pump Araquanid
hydro-pump Drampa
hydro-pump Dhelmise
hydro-pump Tapu Fini
hydro-pump Inteleon
hydro-pump Chewtle
hydro-pump Drednaw
hydro-pump Cramorant
hydro-pump Barraskewda
hydro-pump Grapploct
hydro-pump Cursola
hydro-pump Pincurchin
hydro-pump Eiscue
hydro-pump Arctozolt
hydro-pump Dracovish
hydro-pump Arctovish
hydro-pump Drakloak
hydro-pump Dragapult
hydro-pump Bulbasaur
hydro-pump Ivysaur
hydro-pump Venusaur
hydro-pump Oddish
hydro-pump Gloom
hydro-pump Vileplume
hydro-pump Tangela
hydro-pump Bellossom
hydro-pump Corsola
hydro-pump Corsola
hydro-pump Lotad
hydro-pump Lombre
hydro-pump Ludicolo
hydro-pump Seedot
hydro-pump Nuzleaf
hydro-pump Shiftry
hydro-pump Cherubi
hydro-pump Cherrim
hydro-pump Tangrowth
hydro-pump Cottonee
hydro-pump Whimsicott
hydro-pump Amaura
hydro-pump Aurorus
hydro-pump Xerneas
hydro-pump Grookey
hydro-pump Thwackey
hydro-pump Rillaboom
hydro-pump Cursola
hyper-beam Magmar
hyper-beam Gyarados
hyper-beam Aerodactyl
hyper-beam Dratini
hyper-beam Dragonair
hyper-beam Dragonite
hyper-beam Remoraid
hyper-beam Octillery
hyper-beam Porygon2
hyper-beam Larvitar
hyper-beam Pupitar
hyper-beam Tyranitar
hyper-beam Exploud
hyper-beam Claydol
hyper-beam Metang
hyper-beam Metagross
hyper-beam Regirock
hyper-beam Regice
hyper-beam Registeel
hyper-beam Rayquaza
hyper-beam Magmortar
hyper-beam Porygon-Z
hyper-beam Klink
hyper-beam Klang
hyper-beam Klinklang
hyper-beam Hydreigon
hyper-beam Amaura
hyper-beam Aurorus
hyper-beam Yveltal
hyper-beam Lunala
hyper-beam Melmetal
hyper-beam Duraludon
hyper-beam Eternatus
hyper-beam Regieleki
hyper-beam Regidrago
hyper-beam Venusaur
hyper-beam Charizard
hyper-beam Blastoise
hyper-beam Butterfree
hyper-beam Raichu
hyper-beam Raichu
hyper-beam Sandslash
hyper-beam Sandslash
hyper-beam Nidoqueen
hyper-beam Nidoking
hyper-beam Clefable
hyper-beam Ninetales
hyper-beam Ninetales
hyper-beam Wigglytuff
hyper-beam Golbat
hyper-beam Vileplume
hyper-beam Dugtrio
hyper-beam Dugtrio
hyper-beam Persian
hyper-beam Persian
hyper-beam Golduck
hyper-beam Arcanine
hyper-beam Poliwrath
hyper-beam Alakazam
hyper-beam Machamp
hyper-beam Tentacruel
hyper-beam Rapidash
hyper-beam Rapidash
hyper-beam Slowbro
hyper-beam Slowbro
hyper-beam Magneton
hyper-beam Cloyster
hyper-beam Gengar
hyper-beam Kingler
hyper-beam Exeggutor
hyper-beam Exeggutor
hyper-beam Marowak
hyper-beam Marowak
hyper-beam Lickitung
hyper-beam Weezing
hyper-beam Weezing
hyper-beam Rhydon
hyper-beam Chansey
hyper-beam Tangela
hyper-beam Kangaskhan
hyper-beam Seadra
hyper-beam Seaking
hyper-beam Starmie
hyper-beam Mr. Mime
hyper-beam Mr. Mime
hyper-beam Scyther
hyper-beam Jynx
hyper-beam Electabuzz
hyper-beam Magmar
hyper-beam Pinsir
hyper-beam Tauros
hyper-beam Gyarados
hyper-beam Lapras
hyper-beam Vaporeon
hyper-beam Jolteon
hyper-beam Flareon
hyper-beam Porygon
hyper-beam Omastar
hyper-beam Kabutops
hyper-beam Aerodactyl
hyper-beam Snorlax
hyper-beam Articuno
hyper-beam Articuno
hyper-beam Zapdos
hyper-beam Zapdos
hyper-beam Moltres
hyper-beam Moltres
hyper-beam Dratini
hyper-beam Dragonair
hyper-beam Dragonite
hyper-beam Mewtwo
hyper-beam Mew
hyper-beam Noctowl
hyper-beam Crobat
hyper-beam Lanturn
hyper-beam Togetic
hyper-beam Xatu
hyper-beam Bellossom
hyper-beam Azumarill
hyper-beam Politoed
hyper-beam Quagsire
hyper-beam Espeon
hyper-beam Umbreon
hyper-beam Slowking
hyper-beam Slowking
hyper-beam Steelix
hyper-beam Scizor
hyper-beam Heracross
hyper-beam Piloswine
hyper-beam Remoraid
hyper-beam Octillery
hyper-beam Mantine
hyper-beam Kingdra
hyper-beam Porygon2
hyper-beam Miltank
hyper-beam Blissey
hyper-beam Raikou
hyper-beam Entei
hyper-beam Suicune
hyper-beam Larvitar
hyper-beam Pupitar
hyper-beam Tyranitar
hyper-beam Lugia
hyper-beam Ho-oh
hyper-beam Celebi
hyper-beam Sceptile
hyper-beam Blaziken
hyper-beam Swampert
hyper-beam Linoone
hyper-beam Linoone
hyper-beam Ludicolo
hyper-beam Nuzleaf
hyper-beam Shiftry
hyper-beam Pelipper
hyper-beam Gardevoir
hyper-beam Ninjask
hyper-beam Shedinja
hyper-beam Exploud
hyper-beam Mawile
hyper-beam Aggron
hyper-beam Manectric
hyper-beam Sharpedo
hyper-beam Wailord
hyper-beam Torkoal
hyper-beam Trapinch
hyper-beam Vibrava
hyper-beam Flygon
hyper-beam Altaria
hyper-beam Lunatone
hyper-beam Solrock
hyper-beam Whiscash
hyper-beam Crawdaunt
hyper-beam Claydol
hyper-beam Cradily
hyper-beam Armaldo
hyper-beam Milotic
hyper-beam Dusclops
hyper-beam Absol
hyper-beam Glalie
hyper-beam Walrein
hyper-beam Relicanth
hyper-beam Salamence
hyper-beam Metang
hyper-beam Metagross
hyper-beam Regirock
hyper-beam Regice
hyper-beam Registeel
hyper-beam Latias
hyper-beam Latios
hyper-beam Kyogre
hyper-beam Groudon
hyper-beam Rayquaza
hyper-beam Jirachi
hyper-beam Luxray
hyper-beam Roserade
hyper-beam Vespiquen
hyper-beam Cherrim
hyper-beam Gastrodon
hyper-beam Drifblim
hyper-beam Lopunny
hyper-beam Skuntank
hyper-beam Bronzong
hyper-beam Spiritomb
hyper-beam Garchomp
hyper-beam Lucario
hyper-beam Hippowdon
hyper-beam Drapion
hyper-beam Toxicroak
hyper-beam Abomasnow
hyper-beam Weavile
hyper-beam Magnezone
hyper-beam Lickilicky
hyper-beam Rhyperior
hyper-beam Tangrowth
hyper-beam Electivire
hyper-beam Magmortar
hyper-beam Togekiss
hyper-beam Leafeon
hyper-beam Glaceon
hyper-beam Mamoswine
hyper-beam Porygon-Z
hyper-beam Gallade
hyper-beam Dusknoir
hyper-beam Froslass
hyper-beam Uxie
hyper-beam Mesprit
hyper-beam Azelf
hyper-beam Dialga
hyper-beam Palkia
hyper-beam Heatran
hyper-beam Regigigas
hyper-beam Giratina
hyper-beam Giratina
hyper-beam Cresselia
hyper-beam Victini
hyper-beam Stoutland
hyper-beam Liepard
hyper-beam Musharna
hyper-beam Unfezant
hyper-beam Gigalith
hyper-beam Swoobat
hyper-beam Excadrill
hyper-beam Audino
hyper-beam Conkeldurr
hyper-beam Seismitoad
hyper-beam Scolipede
hyper-beam Whimsicott
hyper-beam Lilligant
hyper-beam Krookodile
hyper-beam Darmanitan
hyper-beam Darmanitan
hyper-beam Crustle
hyper-beam Scrafty
hyper-beam Sigilyph
hyper-beam Cofagrigus
hyper-beam Carracosta
hyper-beam Archeops
hyper-beam Garbodor
hyper-beam Zoroark
hyper-beam Cinccino
hyper-beam Gothitelle
hyper-beam Reuniclus
hyper-beam Vanilluxe
hyper-beam Escavalier
hyper-beam Amoonguss
hyper-beam Jellicent
hyper-beam Galvantula
hyper-beam Ferrothorn
hyper-beam Klink
hyper-beam Klang
hyper-beam Klinklang
hyper-beam Beheeyem
hyper-beam Chandelure
hyper-beam Haxorus
hyper-beam Beartic
hyper-beam Cryogonal
hyper-beam Accelgor
hyper-beam Mienshao
hyper-beam Druddigon
hyper-beam Golurk
hyper-beam Bisharp
hyper-beam Braviary
hyper-beam Mandibuzz
hyper-beam Hydreigon
hyper-beam Volcarona
hyper-beam Cobalion
hyper-beam Terrakion
hyper-beam Virizion
hyper-beam Tornadus
hyper-beam Tornadus
hyper-beam Thundurus
hyper-beam Thundurus
hyper-beam Reshiram
hyper-beam Zekrom
hyper-beam Landorus
hyper-beam Landorus
hyper-beam Kyurem
hyper-beam Kyurem
hyper-beam Kyurem
hyper-beam Keldeo
hyper-beam Genesect
hyper-beam Diggersby
hyper-beam Talonflame
hyper-beam Pangoro
hyper-beam Meowstic
hyper-beam Meowstic
hyper-beam Aegislash
hyper-beam Aegislash
hyper-beam Aromatisse
hyper-beam Slurpuff
hyper-beam Malamar
hyper-beam Barbaracle
hyper-beam Dragalge
hyper-beam Clawitzer
hyper-beam Heliolisk
hyper-beam Tyrantrum
hyper-beam Amaura
hyper-beam Aurorus
hyper-beam Sylveon
hyper-beam Goodra
hyper-beam Klefki
hyper-beam Trevenant
hyper-beam Gourgeist
hyper-beam Avalugg
hyper-beam Noivern
hyper-beam Xerneas
hyper-beam Yveltal
hyper-beam Zygarde
hyper-beam Diancie
hyper-beam Volcanion
hyper-beam Decidueye
hyper-beam Incineroar
hyper-beam Primarina
hyper-beam Vikavolt
hyper-beam Ribombee
hyper-beam Mudsdale
hyper-beam Lurantis
hyper-beam Shiinotic
hyper-beam Bewear
hyper-beam Tsareena
hyper-beam Comfey
hyper-beam Oranguru
hyper-beam Passimian
hyper-beam Golisopod
hyper-beam Type: Null
hyper-beam Silvally
hyper-beam Turtonator
hyper-beam Togedemaru
hyper-beam Mimikyu
hyper-beam Drampa
hyper-beam Dhelmise
hyper-beam Kommo-o
hyper-beam Tapu Koko
hyper-beam Tapu Lele
hyper-beam Tapu Bulu
hyper-beam Tapu Fini
hyper-beam Solgaleo
hyper-beam Lunala
hyper-beam Pheromosa
hyper-beam Xurkitree
hyper-beam Celesteela
hyper-beam Guzzlord
hyper-beam Necrozma
hyper-beam Magearna
hyper-beam Marshadow
hyper-beam Naganadel
hyper-beam Blacephalon
hyper-beam Zeraora
hyper-beam Melmetal
hyper-beam Rillaboom
hyper-beam Cinderace
hyper-beam Inteleon
hyper-beam Greedent
hyper-beam Corviknight
hyper-beam Orbeetle
hyper-beam Thievul
hyper-beam Eldegoss
hyper-beam Dubwool
hyper-beam Drednaw
hyper-beam Boltund
hyper-beam Coalossal
hyper-beam Flapple
hyper-beam Appletun
hyper-beam Sandaconda
hyper-beam Cramorant
hyper-beam Barraskewda
hyper-beam Toxtricity
hyper-beam Toxtricity
hyper-beam Centiskorch
hyper-beam Grapploct
hyper-beam Polteageist
hyper-beam Hatterene
hyper-beam Grimmsnarl
hyper-beam Obstagoon
hyper-beam Perrserker
hyper-beam Cursola
hyper-beam Mr. Rime
hyper-beam Runerigus
hyper-beam Alcremie
hyper-beam Falinks
hyper-beam Frosmoth
hyper-beam Stonjourner
hyper-beam Copperajah
hyper-beam Dracozolt
hyper-beam Arctozolt
hyper-beam Dracovish
hyper-beam Arctovish
hyper-beam Duraludon
hyper-beam Dragapult
hyper-beam Zacian
hyper-beam Zamazenta
hyper-beam Eternatus
hyper-beam Zarude
hyper-beam Regieleki
hyper-beam Regidrago
hyper-beam Glastrier
hyper-beam Spectrier
hyper-beam Calyrex
hyper-beam Calyrex
hyper-beam Calyrex
hyper-fang Rattata
hyper-fang Rattata
hyper-fang Raticate
hyper-fang Raticate
hyper-fang Bidoof
hyper-fang Bibarel
hyper-fang Pachirisu
hyper-fang Patrat
hyper-fang Watchog
hyper-fang Yungoos
hyper-fang Gumshoos
hyper-voice Jigglypuff
hyper-voice Wigglytuff
hyper-voice Politoed
hyper-voice Whismur
hyper-voice Loudred
hyper-voice Exploud
hyper-voice Rayquaza
hyper-voice Audino
hyper-voice Tympole
hyper-voice Palpitoad
hyper-voice Seismitoad
hyper-voice Minccino
hyper-voice Cinccino
hyper-voice Deino
hyper-voice Zweilous
hyper-voice Hydreigon
hyper-voice Reshiram
hyper-voice Zekrom
hyper-voice Kyurem
hyper-voice Kyurem
hyper-voice Kyurem
hyper-voice Popplio
hyper-voice Brionne
hyper-voice Primarina
hyper-voice Drampa
hyper-voice Gossifleur
hyper-voice Eldegoss
hyper-voice Clefairy
hyper-voice Clefable
hyper-voice Jigglypuff
hyper-voice Wigglytuff
hyper-voice Meowth
hyper-voice Meowth
hyper-voice Meowth
hyper-voice Persian
hyper-voice Persian
hyper-voice Arcanine
hyper-voice Chansey
hyper-voice Jynx
hyper-voice Lapras
hyper-voice Eevee
hyper-voice Vaporeon
hyper-voice Jolteon
hyper-voice Flareon
hyper-voice Snorlax
hyper-voice Articuno
hyper-voice Moltres
hyper-voice Mew
hyper-voice Hoothoot
hyper-voice Noctowl
hyper-voice Cleffa
hyper-voice Igglybuff
hyper-voice Togepi
hyper-voice Togetic
hyper-voice Marill
hyper-voice Azumarill
hyper-voice Politoed
hyper-voice Espeon
hyper-voice Umbreon
hyper-voice Blissey
hyper-voice Lugia
hyper-voice Ho-oh
hyper-voice Zigzagoon
hyper-voice Zigzagoon
hyper-voice Linoone
hyper-voice Linoone
hyper-voice Lombre
hyper-voice Ludicolo
hyper-voice Ralts
hyper-voice Kirlia
hyper-voice Gardevoir
hyper-voice Whismur
hyper-voice Loudred
hyper-voice Exploud
hyper-voice Azurill
hyper-voice Manectric
hyper-voice Wailmer
hyper-voice Wailord
hyper-voice Swablu
hyper-voice Altaria
hyper-voice Bagon
hyper-voice Shelgon
hyper-voice Salamence
hyper-voice Rayquaza
hyper-voice Buneary
hyper-voice Lopunny
hyper-voice Happiny
hyper-voice Munchlax
hyper-voice Togekiss
hyper-voice Leafeon
hyper-voice Glaceon
hyper-voice Gallade
hyper-voice Rotom
hyper-voice Rotom
hyper-voice Rotom
hyper-voice Rotom
hyper-voice Rotom
hyper-voice Rotom
hyper-voice Dialga
hyper-voice Palkia
hyper-voice Giratina
hyper-voice Giratina
hyper-voice Lillipup
hyper-voice Herdier
hyper-voice Stoutland
hyper-voice Purrloin
hyper-voice Liepard
hyper-voice Audino
hyper-voice Tympole
hyper-voice Palpitoad
hyper-voice Seismitoad
hyper-voice Maractus
hyper-voice Zorua
hyper-voice Zoroark
hyper-voice Minccino
hyper-voice Cinccino
hyper-voice Vanillite
hyper-voice Vanillish
hyper-voice Vanilluxe
hyper-voice Deino
hyper-voice Zweilous
hyper-voice Hydreigon
hyper-voice Reshiram
hyper-voice Zekrom
hyper-voice Kyurem
hyper-voice Kyurem
hyper-voice Kyurem
hyper-voice Pancham
hyper-voice Pangoro
hyper-voice Heliolisk
hyper-voice Tyrunt
hyper-voice Tyrantrum
hyper-voice Amaura
hyper-voice Aurorus
hyper-voice Sylveon
hyper-voice Noibat
hyper-voice Noivern
hyper-voice Xerneas
hyper-voice Yveltal
hyper-voice Zygarde
hyper-voice Popplio
hyper-voice Brionne
hyper-voice Primarina
hyper-voice Rockruff
hyper-voice Lycanroc
hyper-voice Lycanroc
hyper-voice Lycanroc
hyper-voice Silvally
hyper-voice Turtonator
hyper-voice Drampa
hyper-voice Kommo-o
hyper-voice Tapu Koko
hyper-voice Solgaleo
hyper-voice Necrozma
hyper-voice Rillaboom
hyper-voice Skwovet
hyper-voice Greedent
hyper-voice Gossifleur
hyper-voice Eldegoss
hyper-voice Boltund
hyper-voice Toxtricity
hyper-voice Toxtricity
hyper-voice Obstagoon
hyper-voice Perrserker
hyper-voice Indeedee
hyper-voice Indeedee
hyper-voice Arctozolt
hyper-voice Zacian
hyper-voice Zamazenta
hyper-voice Zarude
hyperspace-fury Hoopa
hyperspace-fury Hoopa
hyperspace-hole Hoopa
hyperspace-hole Hoopa
hypnosis Poliwag
hypnosis Poliwhirl
hypnosis Poliwrath
hypnosis Gastly
hypnosis Haunter
hypnosis Gengar
hypnosis Exeggcute
hypnosis Exeggutor
hypnosis Exeggutor
hypnosis Mr. Mime
hypnosis Articuno
hypnosis Hoothoot
hypnosis Noctowl
hypnosis Politoed
hypnosis Ralts
hypnosis Kirlia
hypnosis Gardevoir
hypnosis Lunatone
hypnosis Solrock
hypnosis Bronzor
hypnosis Bronzong
hypnosis Spiritomb
hypnosis Gallade
hypnosis Munna
hypnosis Musharna
hypnosis Sigilyph
hypnosis Gothita
hypnosis Gothorita
hypnosis Gothitelle
hypnosis Inkay
hypnosis Malamar
hypnosis Sandygast
hypnosis Palossand
hypnosis Lunala
hypnosis Xurkitree
hypnosis Blacephalon
hypnosis Orbeetle
hypnosis Mr. Rime
hypnosis Vulpix
hypnosis Vulpix
hypnosis Ninetales
hypnosis Ninetales
hypnosis Zubat
hypnosis Meowth
hypnosis Meowth
hypnosis Persian
hypnosis Persian
hypnosis Psyduck
hypnosis Golduck
hypnosis Ponyta
hypnosis Ponyta
hypnosis Rapidash
hypnosis Rapidash
hypnosis Mr. Mime
hypnosis Feebas
hypnosis Milotic
hypnosis Drifloon
hypnosis Drifblim
hypnosis Mime Jr.
hypnosis Pidove
hypnosis Tranquill
hypnosis Unfezant
ice-ball Sandshrew
ice-ball Sandslash
ice-ball Spheal
ice-ball Sealeo
ice-ball Walrein
ice-ball Bergmite
ice-ball Avalugg
ice-ball Poliwag
ice-ball Poliwhirl
ice-ball Poliwrath
ice-ball Politoed
ice-ball Delibird
ice-ball Mudkip
ice-ball Marshtomp
ice-ball Swampert
ice-beam Vulpix
ice-beam Ninetales
ice-beam Shellder
ice-beam Cloyster
ice-beam Lapras
ice-beam Articuno
ice-beam Remoraid
ice-beam Octillery
ice-beam Regice
ice-beam Kyogre
ice-beam Vanillite
ice-beam Vanillish
ice-beam Vanilluxe
ice-beam Cryogonal
ice-beam Kyurem
ice-beam Kyurem
ice-beam Kyurem
ice-beam Amaura
ice-beam Aurorus
ice-beam Squirtle
ice-beam Wartortle
ice-beam Blastoise
ice-beam Nidoran♀
ice-beam Nidorina
ice-beam Nidoqueen
ice-beam Nidoran♂
ice-beam Nidorino
ice-beam Nidoking
ice-beam Clefairy
ice-beam Clefable
ice-beam Vulpix
ice-beam Ninetales
ice-beam Jigglypuff
ice-beam Wigglytuff
ice-beam Psyduck
ice-beam Golduck
ice-beam Poliwag
ice-beam Poliwhirl
ice-beam Poliwrath
ice-beam Tentacool
ice-beam Tentacruel
ice-beam Slowpoke
ice-beam Slowpoke
ice-beam Slowbro
ice-beam Slowbro
ice-beam Shellder
ice-beam Cloyster
ice-beam Krabby
ice-beam Kingler
ice-beam Cubone
ice-beam Marowak
ice-beam Marowak
ice-beam Lickitung
ice-beam Rhyhorn
ice-beam Rhydon
ice-beam Chansey
ice-beam Kangaskhan
ice-beam Horsea
ice-beam Seadra
ice-beam Goldeen
ice-beam Seaking
ice-beam Staryu
ice-beam Starmie
ice-beam Mr. Mime
ice-beam Jynx
ice-beam Tauros
ice-beam Gyarados
ice-beam Lapras
ice-beam Vaporeon
ice-beam Porygon
ice-beam Omanyte
ice-beam Omastar
ice-beam Kabuto
ice-beam Kabutops
ice-beam Snorlax
ice-beam Articuno
ice-beam Dratini
ice-beam Dragonair
ice-beam Dragonite
ice-beam Mewtwo
ice-beam Mew
ice-beam Chinchou
ice-beam Lanturn
ice-beam Marill
ice-beam Azumarill
ice-beam Politoed
ice-beam Wooper
ice-beam Quagsire
ice-beam Slowking
ice-beam Slowking
ice-beam Dunsparce
ice-beam Qwilfish
ice-beam Sneasel
ice-beam Swinub
ice-beam Piloswine
ice-beam Corsola
ice-beam Corsola
ice-beam Remoraid
ice-beam Octillery
ice-beam Delibird
ice-beam Mantine
ice-beam Kingdra
ice-beam Porygon2
ice-beam Smoochum
ice-beam Miltank
ice-beam Blissey
ice-beam Suicune
ice-beam Tyranitar
ice-beam Lugia
ice-beam Mudkip
ice-beam Marshtomp
ice-beam Swampert
ice-beam Zigzagoon
ice-beam Zigzagoon
ice-beam Linoone
ice-beam Linoone
ice-beam Lotad
ice-beam Lombre
ice-beam Ludicolo
ice-beam Wingull
ice-beam Pelipper
ice-beam Whismur
ice-beam Loudred
ice-beam Exploud
ice-beam Azurill
ice-beam Mawile
ice-beam Aggron
ice-beam Carvanha
ice-beam Sharpedo
ice-beam Wailmer
ice-beam Wailord
ice-beam Swablu
ice-beam Altaria
ice-beam Lunatone
ice-beam Barboach
ice-beam Whiscash
ice-beam Corphish
ice-beam Crawdaunt
ice-beam Baltoy
ice-beam Claydol
ice-beam Feebas
ice-beam Milotic
ice-beam Duskull
ice-beam Dusclops
ice-beam Absol
ice-beam Snorunt
ice-beam Glalie
ice-beam Spheal
ice-beam Sealeo
ice-beam Walrein
ice-beam Relicanth
ice-beam Regice
ice-beam Latias
ice-beam Latios
ice-beam Kyogre
ice-beam Rayquaza
ice-beam Shellos
ice-beam Gastrodon
ice-beam Buneary
ice-beam Lopunny
ice-beam Munchlax
ice-beam Mantyke
ice-beam Snover
ice-beam Abomasnow
ice-beam Weavile
ice-beam Lickilicky
ice-beam Rhyperior
ice-beam Glaceon
ice-beam Mamoswine
ice-beam Porygon-Z
ice-beam Dusknoir
ice-beam Froslass
ice-beam Mesprit
ice-beam Dialga
ice-beam Palkia
ice-beam Cresselia
ice-beam Audino
ice-beam Basculin
ice-beam Darumaka
ice-beam Darmanitan
ice-beam Sigilyph
ice-beam Tirtouga
ice-beam Carracosta
ice-beam Vanillite
ice-beam Vanillish
ice-beam Vanilluxe
ice-beam Frillish
ice-beam Jellicent
ice-beam Cubchoo
ice-beam Beartic
ice-beam Cryogonal
ice-beam Golett
ice-beam Golurk
ice-beam Kyurem
ice-beam Kyurem
ice-beam Kyurem
ice-beam Genesect
ice-beam Binacle
ice-beam Barbaracle
ice-beam Clauncher
ice-beam Clawitzer
ice-beam Amaura
ice-beam Aurorus
ice-beam Sliggoo
ice-beam Goodra
ice-beam Bergmite
ice-beam Avalugg
ice-beam Popplio
ice-beam Brionne
ice-beam Primarina
ice-beam Wishiwashi
ice-beam Mareanie
ice-beam Toxapex
ice-beam Dewpider
ice-beam Araquanid
ice-beam Golisopod
ice-beam Silvally
ice-beam Drampa
ice-beam Tapu Fini
ice-beam Lunala
ice-beam Pheromosa
ice-beam Magearna
ice-beam Melmetal
ice-beam Inteleon
ice-beam Drednaw
ice-beam Cramorant
ice-beam Obstagoon
ice-beam Cursola
ice-beam Mr. Rime
ice-beam Frosmoth
ice-beam Eiscue
ice-beam Arctozolt
ice-beam Arctovish
ice-beam Glastrier
ice-beam Calyrex
ice-beam Bulbasaur
ice-beam Ivysaur
ice-beam Venusaur
ice-beam Oddish
ice-beam Gloom
ice-beam Vileplume
ice-beam Tangela
ice-beam Bellossom
ice-beam Corsola
ice-beam Corsola
ice-beam Lotad
ice-beam Lombre
ice-beam Ludicolo
ice-beam Seedot
ice-beam Nuzleaf
ice-beam Shiftry
ice-beam Cherubi
ice-beam Cherrim
ice-beam Tangrowth
ice-beam Cottonee
ice-beam Whimsicott
ice-beam Amaura
ice-beam Aurorus
ice-beam Xerneas
ice-beam Grookey
ice-beam Thwackey
ice-beam Rillaboom
ice-beam Cursola
ice-burn Kyurem
ice-fang Gyarados
ice-fang Steelix
ice-fang Piloswine
ice-fang Suicune
ice-fang Tyranitar
ice-fang Exploud
ice-fang Carvanha
ice-fang Sharpedo
ice-fang Snorunt
ice-fang Glalie
ice-fang Walrein
ice-fang Hippowdon
ice-fang Drapion
ice-fang Glaceon
ice-fang Mamoswine
ice-fang Froslass
ice-fang Stoutland
ice-fang Darumaka
ice-fang Darmanitan
ice-fang Bergmite
ice-fang Avalugg
ice-fang Silvally
ice-fang Rhyhorn
ice-fang Rhydon
ice-fang Gyarados
ice-fang Aerodactyl
ice-fang Mew
ice-fang Steelix
ice-fang Piloswine
ice-fang Suicune
ice-fang Tyranitar
ice-fang Exploud
ice-fang Mawile
ice-fang Electrike
ice-fang Manectric
ice-fang Carvanha
ice-fang Sharpedo
ice-fang Snorunt
ice-fang Glalie
ice-fang Walrein
ice-fang Shinx
ice-fang Luxio
ice-fang Luxray
ice-fang Hippowdon
ice-fang Drapion
ice-fang Rhyperior
ice-fang Glaceon
ice-fang Mamoswine
ice-fang Froslass
ice-fang Lillipup
ice-fang Herdier
ice-fang Stoutland
ice-fang Basculin
ice-fang Darumaka
ice-fang Darmanitan
ice-fang Cubchoo
ice-fang Beartic
ice-fang Stunfisk
ice-fang Deino
ice-fang Zweilous
ice-fang Hydreigon
ice-fang Tyrunt
ice-fang Tyrantrum
ice-fang Bergmite
ice-fang Avalugg
ice-fang Silvally
ice-fang Greedent
ice-fang Thievul
ice-fang Chewtle
ice-fang Drednaw
ice-fang Arrokuda
ice-fang Barraskewda
ice-fang Morpeko
ice-fang Arctozolt
ice-fang Dracovish
ice-fang Arctovish
ice-fang Zacian
ice-fang Zamazenta
ice-hammer Crabominable
ice-punch Hitmonchan
ice-punch Jynx
ice-punch Smoochum
ice-punch Dusclops
ice-punch Abomasnow
ice-punch Dusknoir
ice-punch Darumaka
ice-punch Darmanitan
ice-punch Marshadow
ice-punch Squirtle
ice-punch Wartortle
ice-punch Blastoise
ice-punch Sandshrew
ice-punch Sandslash
ice-punch Nidoqueen
ice-punch Nidoking
ice-punch Clefairy
ice-punch Clefable
ice-punch Jigglypuff
ice-punch Wigglytuff
ice-punch Psyduck
ice-punch Golduck
ice-punch Poliwhirl
ice-punch Poliwrath
ice-punch Abra
ice-punch Kadabra
ice-punch Alakazam
ice-punch Machop
ice-punch Machoke
ice-punch Machamp
ice-punch Slowbro
ice-punch Slowbro
ice-punch Gastly
ice-punch Haunter
ice-punch Gengar
ice-punch Hitmonchan
ice-punch Lickitung
ice-punch Rhydon
ice-punch Chansey
ice-punch Kangaskhan
ice-punch Mr. Mime
ice-punch Mr. Mime
ice-punch Jynx
ice-punch Electabuzz
ice-punch Snorlax
ice-punch Dragonite
ice-punch Mewtwo
ice-punch Mew
ice-punch Marill
ice-punch Azumarill
ice-punch Sudowoodo
ice-punch Politoed
ice-punch Wooper
ice-punch Quagsire
ice-punch Slowking
ice-punch Slowking
ice-punch Sneasel
ice-punch Delibird
ice-punch Smoochum
ice-punch Elekid
ice-punch Miltank
ice-punch Blissey
ice-punch Tyranitar
ice-punch Marshtomp
ice-punch Swampert
ice-punch Lombre
ice-punch Ludicolo
ice-punch Ralts
ice-punch Kirlia
ice-punch Gardevoir
ice-punch Whismur
ice-punch Loudred
ice-punch Exploud
ice-punch Sableye
ice-punch Mawile
ice-punch Aggron
ice-punch Dusclops
ice-punch Metang
ice-punch Metagross
ice-punch Regirock
ice-punch Regice
ice-punch Registeel
ice-punch Jirachi
ice-punch Buneary
ice-punch Lopunny
ice-punch Munchlax
ice-punch Riolu
ice-punch Lucario
ice-punch Croagunk
ice-punch Toxicroak
ice-punch Snover
ice-punch Abomasnow
ice-punch Weavile
ice-punch Lickilicky
ice-punch Rhyperior
ice-punch Electivire
ice-punch Gallade
ice-punch Dusknoir
ice-punch Froslass
ice-punch Uxie
ice-punch Mesprit
ice-punch Azelf
ice-punch Regigigas
ice-punch Audino
ice-punch Timburr
ice-punch Gurdurr
ice-punch Conkeldurr
ice-punch Seismitoad
ice-punch Throh
ice-punch Sawk
ice-punch Darumaka
ice-punch Darmanitan
ice-punch Scraggy
ice-punch Scrafty
ice-punch Reuniclus
ice-punch Cubchoo
ice-punch Beartic
ice-punch Golett
ice-punch Golurk
ice-punch Diggersby
ice-punch Pancham
ice-punch Pangoro
ice-punch Stufful
ice-punch Bewear
ice-punch Kommo-o
ice-punch Tapu Fini
ice-punch Buzzwole
ice-punch Marshadow
ice-punch Melmetal
ice-punch Clobbopus
ice-punch Grapploct
ice-punch Grimmsnarl
ice-punch Obstagoon
ice-punch Mr. Rime
ice-punch Eiscue
ice-punch Kubfu
ice-punch Urshifu
ice-punch Urshifu
ice-shard Vulpix
ice-shard Ninetales
ice-shard Shellder
ice-shard Cloyster
ice-shard Mr. Mime
ice-shard Lapras
ice-shard Articuno
ice-shard Swinub
ice-shard Piloswine
ice-shard Snorunt
ice-shard Glalie
ice-shard Snover
ice-shard Abomasnow
ice-shard Weavile
ice-shard Glaceon
ice-shard Mamoswine
ice-shard Froslass
ice-shard Cryogonal
ice-shard Mr. Rime
ice-shard Sneasel
ice-shard Delibird
ice-shard Weavile
ice-shard Vanillite
ice-shard Vanillish
ice-shard Vanilluxe
ice-shard Sobble
ice-shard Drizzile
ice-shard Inteleon
icicle-crash Sandslash
icicle-crash Cloyster
icicle-crash Darmanitan
icicle-crash Vanilluxe
icicle-crash Beartic
icicle-crash Arctozolt
icicle-crash Arctovish
icicle-crash Glastrier
icicle-crash Calyrex
icicle-crash Sneasel
icicle-crash Swinub
icicle-crash Piloswine
icicle-crash Snorunt
icicle-crash Glalie
icicle-crash Weavile
icicle-crash Mamoswine
icicle-crash Froslass
icicle-crash Vanillite
icicle-crash Vanillish
icicle-crash Vanilluxe
icicle-crash Eiscue
icicle-spear Sandslash
icicle-spear Cloyster
icicle-spear Vanillite
icicle-spear Vanillish
icicle-spear Vanilluxe
icicle-spear Sandshrew
icicle-spear Sandslash
icicle-spear Shellder
icicle-spear Cloyster
icicle-spear Mr. Mime
icicle-spear Jynx
icicle-spear Articuno
icicle-spear Mew
icicle-spear Swinub
icicle-spear Piloswine
icicle-spear Corsola
icicle-spear Corsola
icicle-spear Delibird
icicle-spear Glalie
icicle-spear Sealeo
icicle-spear Walrein
icicle-spear Regice
icicle-spear Abomasnow
icicle-spear Weavile
icicle-spear Glaceon
icicle-spear Mamoswine
icicle-spear Froslass
icicle-spear Vanillite
icicle-spear Vanillish
icicle-spear Vanilluxe
icicle-spear Beartic
icicle-spear Cryogonal
icicle-spear Kyurem
icicle-spear Kyurem
icicle-spear Kyurem
icicle-spear Aurorus
icicle-spear Bergmite
icicle-spear Avalugg
icicle-spear Inteleon
icicle-spear Cursola
icicle-spear Mr. Rime
icicle-spear Snom
icicle-spear Frosmoth
icicle-spear Eiscue
icicle-spear Arctozolt
icicle-spear Arctovish
icicle-spear Glastrier
icicle-spear Calyrex
icy-wind Vulpix
icy-wind Ninetales
icy-wind Mr. Mime
icy-wind Sneasel
icy-wind Swinub
icy-wind Piloswine
icy-wind Snorunt
icy-wind Glalie
icy-wind Regice
icy-wind Snover
icy-wind Abomasnow
icy-wind Weavile
icy-wind Glaceon
icy-wind Mamoswine
icy-wind Froslass
icy-wind Vanillite
icy-wind Vanillish
icy-wind Vanilluxe
icy-wind Cubchoo
icy-wind Beartic
icy-wind Cryogonal
icy-wind Amaura
icy-wind Aurorus
icy-wind Bergmite
icy-wind Avalugg
icy-wind Popplio
icy-wind Brionne
icy-wind Primarina
icy-wind Mr. Rime
icy-wind Frosmoth
icy-wind Eiscue
icy-wind Arctovish
icy-wind Squirtle
icy-wind Wartortle
icy-wind Blastoise
icy-wind Sandshrew
icy-wind Sandslash
icy-wind Nidoqueen
icy-wind Nidoking
icy-wind Clefairy
icy-wind Clefable
icy-wind Vulpix
icy-wind Ninetales
icy-wind Jigglypuff
icy-wind Wigglytuff
icy-wind Meowth
icy-wind Meowth
icy-wind Persian
icy-wind Persian
icy-wind Psyduck
icy-wind Golduck
icy-wind Poliwag
icy-wind Poliwhirl
icy-wind Poliwrath
icy-wind Tentacool
icy-wind Tentacruel
icy-wind Slowpoke
icy-wind Slowpoke
icy-wind Slowbro
icy-wind Slowbro
icy-wind Shellder
icy-wind Cloyster
icy-wind Gastly
icy-wind Haunter
icy-wind Gengar
icy-wind Krabby
icy-wind Kingler
icy-wind Cubone
icy-wind Marowak
icy-wind Marowak
icy-wind Lickitung
icy-wind Rhyhorn
icy-wind Rhydon
icy-wind Chansey
icy-wind Kangaskhan
icy-wind Horsea
icy-wind Seadra
icy-wind Goldeen
icy-wind Seaking
icy-wind Staryu
icy-wind Starmie
icy-wind Mr. Mime
icy-wind Mr. Mime
icy-wind Jynx
icy-wind Tauros
icy-wind Gyarados
icy-wind Lapras
icy-wind Vaporeon
icy-wind Porygon
icy-wind Omanyte
icy-wind Omastar
icy-wind Kabuto
icy-wind Kabutops
icy-wind Snorlax
icy-wind Articuno
icy-wind Dratini
icy-wind Dragonair
icy-wind Dragonite
icy-wind Mewtwo
icy-wind Mew
icy-wind Chinchou
icy-wind Lanturn
icy-wind Cleffa
icy-wind Igglybuff
icy-wind Marill
icy-wind Azumarill
icy-wind Politoed
icy-wind Wooper
icy-wind Quagsire
icy-wind Slowking
icy-wind Slowking
icy-wind Qwilfish
icy-wind Sneasel
icy-wind Swinub
icy-wind Piloswine
icy-wind Corsola
icy-wind Corsola
icy-wind Remoraid
icy-wind Octillery
icy-wind Delibird
icy-wind Mantine
icy-wind Skarmory
icy-wind Kingdra
icy-wind Porygon2
icy-wind Smoochum
icy-wind Miltank
icy-wind Blissey
icy-wind Suicune
icy-wind Lugia
icy-wind Mudkip
icy-wind Marshtomp
icy-wind Swampert
icy-wind Zigzagoon
icy-wind Zigzagoon
icy-wind Linoone
icy-wind Linoone
icy-wind Lotad
icy-wind Lombre
icy-wind Ludicolo
icy-wind Shiftry
icy-wind Wingull
icy-wind Pelipper
icy-wind Ralts
icy-wind Kirlia
icy-wind Gardevoir
icy-wind Whismur
icy-wind Loudred
icy-wind Exploud
icy-wind Azurill
icy-wind Sableye
icy-wind Mawile
icy-wind Aggron
icy-wind Carvanha
icy-wind Sharpedo
icy-wind Wailmer
icy-wind Wailord
icy-wind Lunatone
icy-wind Barboach
icy-wind Whiscash
icy-wind Corphish
icy-wind Crawdaunt
icy-wind Feebas
icy-wind Milotic
icy-wind Duskull
icy-wind Dusclops
icy-wind Absol
icy-wind Snorunt
icy-wind Glalie
icy-wind Spheal
icy-wind Sealeo
icy-wind Walrein
icy-wind Relicanth
icy-wind Metang
icy-wind Metagross
icy-wind Regice
icy-wind Latias
icy-wind Latios
icy-wind Kyogre
icy-wind Rayquaza
icy-wind Jirachi
icy-wind Shellos
icy-wind Gastrodon
icy-wind Drifloon
icy-wind Drifblim
icy-wind Mime Jr.
icy-wind Happiny
icy-wind Spiritomb
icy-wind Munchlax
icy-wind Croagunk
icy-wind Toxicroak
icy-wind Mantyke
icy-wind Snover
icy-wind Abomasnow
icy-wind Weavile
icy-wind Lickilicky
icy-wind Rhyperior
icy-wind Glaceon
icy-wind Mamoswine
icy-wind Porygon-Z
icy-wind Gallade
icy-wind Dusknoir
icy-wind Froslass
icy-wind Regigigas
icy-wind Giratina
icy-wind Giratina
icy-wind Cresselia
icy-wind Audino
icy-wind Tympole
icy-wind Palpitoad
icy-wind Seismitoad
icy-wind Basculin
icy-wind Sigilyph
icy-wind Tirtouga
icy-wind Carracosta
icy-wind Vanillite
icy-wind Vanillish
icy-wind Vanilluxe
icy-wind Frillish
icy-wind Jellicent
icy-wind Cubchoo
icy-wind Beartic
icy-wind Cryogonal
icy-wind Golett
icy-wind Golurk
icy-wind Tornadus
icy-wind Tornadus
icy-wind Kyurem
icy-wind Kyurem
icy-wind Kyurem
icy-wind Keldeo
icy-wind Binacle
icy-wind Barbaracle
icy-wind Skrelp
icy-wind Dragalge
icy-wind Clauncher
icy-wind Clawitzer
icy-wind Amaura
icy-wind Aurorus
icy-wind Bergmite
icy-wind Avalugg
icy-wind Popplio
icy-wind Brionne
icy-wind Primarina
icy-wind Mareanie
icy-wind Toxapex
icy-wind Dewpider
icy-wind Araquanid
icy-wind Golisopod
icy-wind Type: Null
icy-wind Silvally
icy-wind Drampa
icy-wind Tapu Fini
icy-wind Lunala
icy-wind Pheromosa
icy-wind Inteleon
icy-wind Cramorant
icy-wind Obstagoon
icy-wind Cursola
icy-wind Mr. Rime
icy-wind Snom
icy-wind Frosmoth
icy-wind Eiscue
icy-wind Arctozolt
icy-wind Arctovish
icy-wind Glastrier
icy-wind Calyrex
imprison Vulpix
imprison Vulpix
imprison Ninetales
imprison Ninetales
imprison Mew
imprison Baltoy
imprison Claydol
imprison Bronzor
imprison Bronzong
imprison Gallade
imprison Uxie
imprison Mesprit
imprison Azelf
imprison Munna
imprison Musharna
imprison Woobat
imprison Swoobat
imprison Zorua
imprison Zoroark
imprison Elgyem
imprison Beheeyem
imprison Litwick
imprison Lampent
imprison Chandelure
imprison Reshiram
imprison Zekrom
imprison Landorus
imprison Landorus
imprison Kyurem
imprison Kyurem
imprison Kyurem
imprison Meowstic
imprison Klefki
imprison Type: Null
imprison Silvally
imprison Clefairy
imprison Clefable
imprison Vulpix
imprison Vulpix
imprison Ninetales
imprison Ninetales
imprison Alakazam
imprison Ponyta
imprison Rapidash
imprison Slowpoke
imprison Slowpoke
imprison Slowbro
imprison Slowbro
imprison Gengar
imprison Marowak
imprison Articuno
imprison Moltres
imprison Mew
imprison Hoothoot
imprison Noctowl
imprison Togetic
imprison Natu
imprison Xatu
imprison Slowking
imprison Slowking
imprison Lugia
imprison Ho-oh
imprison Celebi
imprison Ralts
imprison Kirlia
imprison Gardevoir
imprison Sableye
imprison Baltoy
imprison Claydol
imprison Milotic
imprison Duskull
imprison Dusclops
imprison Jirachi
imprison Drifblim
imprison Bronzor
imprison Bronzong
imprison Spiritomb
imprison Togekiss
imprison Gallade
imprison Dusknoir
imprison Froslass
imprison Uxie
imprison Mesprit
imprison Azelf
imprison Munna
imprison Musharna
imprison Woobat
imprison Swoobat
imprison Sigilyph
imprison Yamask
imprison Yamask
imprison Cofagrigus
imprison Zorua
imprison Zoroark
imprison Gothitelle
imprison Solosis
imprison Duosion
imprison Reuniclus
imprison Vanillite
imprison Vanillish
imprison Vanilluxe
imprison Frillish
imprison Jellicent
imprison Elgyem
imprison Beheeyem
imprison Litwick
imprison Lampent
imprison Chandelure
imprison Golett
imprison Golurk
imprison Reshiram
imprison Zekrom
imprison Landorus
imprison Landorus
imprison Kyurem
imprison Kyurem
imprison Kyurem
imprison Meowstic
imprison Klefki
imprison Phantump
imprison Trevenant
imprison Pumpkaboo
imprison Gourgeist
imprison Decidueye
imprison Cutiefly
imprison Ribombee
imprison Oranguru
imprison Type: Null
imprison Silvally
imprison Necrozma
imprison Magearna
imprison Dottler
imprison Orbeetle
imprison Sinistea
imprison Polteageist
imprison Hatenna
imprison Hattrem
imprison Hatterene
imprison Runerigus
imprison Alcremie
imprison Frosmoth
imprison Stonjourner
imprison Indeedee
imprison Indeedee
imprison Zacian
imprison Zamazenta
imprison Calyrex
imprison Calyrex
imprison Calyrex
incinerate Vulpix
incinerate Ninetales
incinerate Moltres
incinerate Victini
incinerate Darumaka
incinerate Darmanitan
incinerate Heatmor
incinerate Volcanion
incinerate Salandit
incinerate Salazzle
incinerate Turtonator
incinerate Blacephalon
incinerate Rolycoly
incinerate Carkol
incinerate Coalossal
incinerate Darumaka
incinerate Darmanitan
infernal-parade Typhlosion
inferno Charmander
inferno Charmeleon
inferno Charizard
inferno Vulpix
inferno Ninetales
inferno Ponyta
inferno Rapidash
inferno Torkoal
inferno Victini
inferno Litwick
inferno Lampent
inferno Chandelure
inferno Heatmor
inferno Centiskorch
infestation Dewpider
infestation Araquanid
infestation Frosmoth
infestation Dreepy
infestation Drakloak
infestation Dragapult
infestation Shuckle
infestation Joltik
infestation Galvantula
infestation Durant
infestation Mareanie
infestation Toxapex
infestation Blipbug
infestation Dottler
infestation Orbeetle
ingrain Tangela
ingrain Roselia
ingrain Lileep
ingrain Cradily
ingrain Roserade
ingrain Snover
ingrain Abomasnow
ingrain Tangrowth
ingrain Maractus
ingrain Foongus
ingrain Amoonguss
ingrain Ferroseed
ingrain Ferrothorn
ingrain Phantump
ingrain Trevenant
ingrain Xerneas
ingrain Fomantis
ingrain Lurantis
ingrain Morelull
ingrain Shiinotic
ingrain Xurkitree
ingrain Celesteela
ingrain Bulbasaur
ingrain Ivysaur
ingrain Venusaur
ingrain Oddish
ingrain Gloom
ingrain Vileplume
ingrain Exeggcute
ingrain Exeggutor
ingrain Exeggutor
ingrain Bellossom
ingrain Petilil
ingrain Lilligant
instruct Oranguru
ion-deluge Chinchou
ion-deluge Lanturn
ion-deluge Ampharos
ion-deluge Electivire
ion-deluge Zebstrika
ion-deluge Zebstrika
ion-deluge Eelektross
ion-deluge Xurkitree
ion-deluge Pachirisu
ion-deluge Emolga
iron-defense Squirtle
iron-defense Wartortle
iron-defense Blastoise
iron-defense Sandshrew
iron-defense Sandslash
iron-defense Shellder
iron-defense Cloyster
iron-defense Scizor
iron-defense Skarmory
iron-defense Pupitar
iron-defense Tyranitar
iron-defense Mawile
iron-defense Aron
iron-defense Lairon
iron-defense Aggron
iron-defense Torkoal
iron-defense Metang
iron-defense Metagross
iron-defense Regirock
iron-defense Registeel
iron-defense Bronzor
iron-defense Bronzong
iron-defense Roggenrola
iron-defense Boldore
iron-defense Gigalith
iron-defense Whirlipede
iron-defense Scolipede
iron-defense Tirtouga
iron-defense Carracosta
iron-defense Escavalier
iron-defense Ferroseed
iron-defense Ferrothorn
iron-defense Stunfisk
iron-defense Golett
iron-defense Golurk
iron-defense Pawniard
iron-defense Bisharp
iron-defense Vullaby
iron-defense Mandibuzz
iron-defense Durant
iron-defense Honedge
iron-defense Doublade
iron-defense Aegislash
iron-defense Aegislash
iron-defense Bergmite
iron-defense Avalugg
iron-defense Charjabug
iron-defense Vikavolt
iron-defense Mudbray
iron-defense Mudsdale
iron-defense Golisopod
iron-defense Sandygast
iron-defense Palossand
iron-defense Turtonator
iron-defense Jangmo-o
iron-defense Hakamo-o
iron-defense Kommo-o
iron-defense Celesteela
iron-defense Necrozma
iron-defense Magearna
iron-defense Stakataka
iron-defense Corviknight
iron-defense Flapple
iron-defense Appletun
iron-defense Perrserker
iron-defense Sirfetch'd
iron-defense Falinks
iron-defense Cufant
iron-defense Copperajah
iron-defense Duraludon
iron-defense Zamazenta
iron-defense Glastrier
iron-defense Calyrex
iron-defense Squirtle
iron-defense Wartortle
iron-defense Blastoise
iron-defense Metapod
iron-defense Butterfree
iron-defense Sandshrew
iron-defense Sandslash
iron-defense Diglett
iron-defense Dugtrio
iron-defense Meowth
iron-defense Slowbro
iron-defense Slowbro
iron-defense Magnemite
iron-defense Magneton
iron-defense Shellder
iron-defense Cloyster
iron-defense Krabby
iron-defense Kingler
iron-defense Cubone
iron-defense Marowak
iron-defense Marowak
iron-defense Rhydon
iron-defense Mr. Mime
iron-defense Mr. Mime
iron-defense Pinsir
iron-defense Omanyte
iron-defense Omastar
iron-defense Kabuto
iron-defense Kabutops
iron-defense Mew
iron-defense Sudowoodo
iron-defense Slowking
iron-defense Slowking
iron-defense Steelix
iron-defense Scizor
iron-defense Shuckle
iron-defense Heracross
iron-defense Corsola
iron-defense Corsola
iron-defense Skarmory
iron-defense Larvitar
iron-defense Pupitar
iron-defense Tyranitar
iron-defense Mawile
iron-defense Aron
iron-defense Lairon
iron-defense Aggron
iron-defense Torkoal
iron-defense Solrock
iron-defense Corphish
iron-defense Crawdaunt
iron-defense Claydol
iron-defense Anorith
iron-defense Armaldo
iron-defense Relicanth
iron-defense Bagon
iron-defense Shelgon
iron-defense Salamence
iron-defense Beldum
iron-defense Metang
iron-defense Metagross
iron-defense Regirock
iron-defense Registeel
iron-defense Jirachi
iron-defense Bronzor
iron-defense Bronzong
iron-defense Riolu
iron-defense Lucario
iron-defense Drapion
iron-defense Magnezone
iron-defense Rhyperior
iron-defense Dialga
iron-defense Heatran
iron-defense Roggenrola
iron-defense Boldore
iron-defense Gigalith
iron-defense Drilbur
iron-defense Excadrill
iron-defense Venipede
iron-defense Whirlipede
iron-defense Scolipede
iron-defense Darmanitan
iron-defense Darmanitan
iron-defense Dwebble
iron-defense Crustle
iron-defense Scraggy
iron-defense Scrafty
iron-defense Yamask
iron-defense Yamask
iron-defense Cofagrigus
iron-defense Tirtouga
iron-defense Carracosta
iron-defense Archen
iron-defense Archeops
iron-defense Solosis
iron-defense Duosion
iron-defense Reuniclus
iron-defense Vanillite
iron-defense Vanillish
iron-defense Vanilluxe
iron-defense Karrablast
iron-defense Escavalier
iron-defense Ferroseed
iron-defense Ferrothorn
iron-defense Klink
iron-defense Klang
iron-defense Klinklang
iron-defense Cryogonal
iron-defense Stunfisk
iron-defense Golett
iron-defense Golurk
iron-defense Pawniard
iron-defense Bisharp
iron-defense Vullaby
iron-defense Mandibuzz
iron-defense Durant
iron-defense Cobalion
iron-defense Genesect
iron-defense Honedge
iron-defense Doublade
iron-defense Aegislash
iron-defense Aegislash
iron-defense Binacle
iron-defense Barbaracle
iron-defense Tyrunt
iron-defense Tyrantrum
iron-defense Amaura
iron-defense Aurorus
iron-defense Carbink
iron-defense Klefki
iron-defense Bergmite
iron-defense Avalugg
iron-defense Diancie
iron-defense Charjabug
iron-defense Vikavolt
iron-defense Rockruff
iron-defense Lycanroc
iron-defense Lycanroc
iron-defense Lycanroc
iron-defense Mareanie
iron-defense Toxapex
iron-defense Mudbray
iron-defense Mudsdale
iron-defense Dewpider
iron-defense Araquanid
iron-defense Golisopod
iron-defense Sandygast
iron-defense Palossand
iron-defense Type: Null
iron-defense Silvally
iron-defense Turtonator
iron-defense Dhelmise
iron-defense Jangmo-o
iron-defense Hakamo-o
iron-defense Kommo-o
iron-defense Tapu Koko
iron-defense Tapu Lele
iron-defense Tapu Bulu
iron-defense Tapu Fini
iron-defense Solgaleo
iron-defense Celesteela
iron-defense Kartana
iron-defense Guzzlord
iron-defense Necrozma
iron-defense Magearna
iron-defense Stakataka
iron-defense Meltan
iron-defense Melmetal
iron-defense Corviknight
iron-defense Dottler
iron-defense Orbeetle
iron-defense Drednaw
iron-defense Rolycoly
iron-defense Carkol
iron-defense Coalossal
iron-defense Flapple
iron-defense Appletun
iron-defense Sandaconda
iron-defense Obstagoon
iron-defense Perrserker
iron-defense Cursola
iron-defense Sirfetch'd
iron-defense Mr. Rime
iron-defense Runerigus
iron-defense Falinks
iron-defense Stonjourner
iron-defense Eiscue
iron-defense Cufant
iron-defense Copperajah
iron-defense Arctovish
iron-defense Duraludon
iron-defense Zamazenta
iron-defense Urshifu
iron-defense Urshifu
iron-defense Glastrier
iron-defense Calyrex
iron-head Sandshrew
iron-head Sandslash
iron-head Diglett
iron-head Dugtrio
iron-head Aerodactyl
iron-head Scizor
iron-head Mawile
iron-head Aron
iron-head Lairon
iron-head Aggron
iron-head Registeel
iron-head Heatran
iron-head Escavalier
iron-head Ferroseed
iron-head Ferrothorn
iron-head Druddigon
iron-head Pawniard
iron-head Bisharp
iron-head Durant
iron-head Cobalion
iron-head Honedge
iron-head Doublade
iron-head Aegislash
iron-head Aegislash
iron-head Type: Null
iron-head Silvally
iron-head Solgaleo
iron-head Magearna
iron-head Stakataka
iron-head Perrserker
iron-head Cufant
iron-head Copperajah
iron-head Zacian
iron-head Zamazenta
iron-head Kubfu
iron-head Urshifu
iron-head Urshifu
iron-head Sandshrew
iron-head Sandslash
iron-head Diglett
iron-head Dugtrio
iron-head Meowth
iron-head Arcanine
iron-head Onix
iron-head Exeggutor
iron-head Cubone
iron-head Marowak
iron-head Marowak
iron-head Tauros
iron-head Gyarados
iron-head Lapras
iron-head Aerodactyl
iron-head Snorlax
iron-head Dragonite
iron-head Mew
iron-head Steelix
iron-head Scizor
iron-head Mantine
iron-head Skarmory
iron-head Kingdra
iron-head Miltank
iron-head Raikou
iron-head Entei
iron-head Suicune
iron-head Larvitar
iron-head Pupitar
iron-head Tyranitar
iron-head Lugia
iron-head Ho-oh
iron-head Mawile
iron-head Aron
iron-head Lairon
iron-head Aggron
iron-head Wailord
iron-head Lunatone
iron-head Solrock
iron-head Milotic
iron-head Glalie
iron-head Walrein
iron-head Beldum
iron-head Metang
iron-head Metagross
iron-head Regirock
iron-head Regice
iron-head Registeel
iron-head Kyogre
iron-head Groudon
iron-head Rayquaza
iron-head Jirachi
iron-head Bronzong
iron-head Gible
iron-head Gabite
iron-head Garchomp
iron-head Hippowdon
iron-head Magnezone
iron-head Rhyperior
iron-head Mamoswine
iron-head Dialga
iron-head Heatran
iron-head Regigigas
iron-head Giratina
iron-head Giratina
iron-head Stoutland
iron-head Gigalith
iron-head Excadrill
iron-head Darmanitan
iron-head Darmanitan
iron-head Scraggy
iron-head Scrafty
iron-head Carracosta
iron-head Escavalier
iron-head Ferroseed
iron-head Ferrothorn
iron-head Druddigon
iron-head Pawniard
iron-head Bisharp
iron-head Bouffalant
iron-head Braviary
iron-head Durant
iron-head Cobalion
iron-head Terrakion
iron-head Kyurem
iron-head Kyurem
iron-head Kyurem
iron-head Genesect
iron-head Bunnelby
iron-head Diggersby
iron-head Pancham
iron-head Pangoro
iron-head Honedge
iron-head Doublade
iron-head Aegislash
iron-head Aegislash
iron-head Tyrunt
iron-head Tyrantrum
iron-head Amaura
iron-head Aurorus
iron-head Hawlucha
iron-head Avalugg
iron-head Incineroar
iron-head Rockruff
iron-head Lycanroc
iron-head Lycanroc
iron-head Lycanroc
iron-head Mudbray
iron-head Mudsdale
iron-head Stufful
iron-head Bewear
iron-head Passimian
iron-head Golisopod
iron-head Type: Null
iron-head Silvally
iron-head Turtonator
iron-head Togedemaru
iron-head Dhelmise
iron-head Jangmo-o
iron-head Hakamo-o
iron-head Kommo-o
iron-head Tapu Koko
iron-head Solgaleo
iron-head Nihilego
iron-head Buzzwole
iron-head Celesteela
iron-head Guzzlord
iron-head Necrozma
iron-head Magearna
iron-head Marshadow
iron-head Stakataka
iron-head Melmetal
iron-head Cinderace
iron-head Corviknight
iron-head Rolycoly
iron-head Carkol
iron-head Coalossal
iron-head Sandaconda
iron-head Perrserker
iron-head Falinks
iron-head Eiscue
iron-head Cufant
iron-head Copperajah
iron-head Dracovish
iron-head Arctovish
iron-head Duraludon
iron-head Zacian
iron-head Zamazenta
iron-head Kubfu
iron-head Urshifu
iron-head Urshifu
iron-tail Onix
iron-tail Steelix
iron-tail Aron
iron-tail Lairon
iron-tail Aggron
iron-tail Dialga
iron-tail Charmander
iron-tail Charmeleon
iron-tail Charizard
iron-tail Squirtle
iron-tail Wartortle
iron-tail Blastoise
iron-tail Pikachu
iron-tail Raichu
iron-tail Raichu
iron-tail Sandshrew
iron-tail Sandshrew
iron-tail Sandslash
iron-tail Sandslash
iron-tail Nidoran♀
iron-tail Nidorina
iron-tail Nidoqueen
iron-tail Nidoran♂
iron-tail Nidorino
iron-tail Nidoking
iron-tail Clefairy
iron-tail Clefable
iron-tail Vulpix
iron-tail Vulpix
iron-tail Ninetales
iron-tail Ninetales
iron-tail Meowth
iron-tail Meowth
iron-tail Meowth
iron-tail Persian
iron-tail Persian
iron-tail Psyduck
iron-tail Golduck
iron-tail Growlithe
iron-tail Arcanine
iron-tail Abra
iron-tail Kadabra
iron-tail Alakazam
iron-tail Ponyta
iron-tail Ponyta
iron-tail Rapidash
iron-tail Rapidash
iron-tail Slowpoke
iron-tail Slowpoke
iron-tail Slowbro
iron-tail Slowbro
iron-tail Farfetch'd
iron-tail Onix
iron-tail Exeggutor
iron-tail Cubone
iron-tail Marowak
iron-tail Marowak
iron-tail Lickitung
iron-tail Rhyhorn
iron-tail Rhydon
iron-tail Chansey
iron-tail Kangaskhan
iron-tail Electabuzz
iron-tail Magmar
iron-tail Tauros
iron-tail Gyarados
iron-tail Lapras
iron-tail Eevee
iron-tail Vaporeon
iron-tail Jolteon
iron-tail Flareon
iron-tail Porygon
iron-tail Aerodactyl
iron-tail Dratini
iron-tail Dragonair
iron-tail Dragonite
iron-tail Mewtwo
iron-tail Mew
iron-tail Pichu
iron-tail Cleffa
iron-tail Marill
iron-tail Azumarill
iron-tail Wooper
iron-tail Quagsire
iron-tail Espeon
iron-tail Umbreon
iron-tail Slowking
iron-tail Slowking
iron-tail Dunsparce
iron-tail Steelix
iron-tail Sneasel
iron-tail Porygon2
iron-tail Magby
iron-tail Miltank
iron-tail Blissey
iron-tail Raikou
iron-tail Entei
iron-tail Suicune
iron-tail Larvitar
iron-tail Pupitar
iron-tail Tyranitar
iron-tail Lugia
iron-tail Treecko
iron-tail Grovyle
iron-tail Sceptile
iron-tail Mudkip
iron-tail Marshtomp
iron-tail Swampert
iron-tail Zigzagoon
iron-tail Zigzagoon
iron-tail Linoone
iron-tail Linoone
iron-tail Azurill
iron-tail Aron
iron-tail Lairon
iron-tail Aggron
iron-tail Electrike
iron-tail Manectric
iron-tail Torkoal
iron-tail Flygon
iron-tail Altaria
iron-tail Armaldo
iron-tail Feebas
iron-tail Milotic
iron-tail Absol
iron-tail Spheal
iron-tail Sealeo
iron-tail Walrein
iron-tail Salamence
iron-tail Groudon
iron-tail Rayquaza
iron-tail Shinx
iron-tail Luxio
iron-tail Luxray
iron-tail Buneary
iron-tail Lopunny
iron-tail Stunky
iron-tail Skuntank
iron-tail Gible
iron-tail Gabite
iron-tail Garchomp
iron-tail Riolu
iron-tail Lucario
iron-tail Hippopotas
iron-tail Hippowdon
iron-tail Skorupi
iron-tail Drapion
iron-tail Snover
iron-tail Abomasnow
iron-tail Weavile
iron-tail Lickilicky
iron-tail Rhyperior
iron-tail Electivire
iron-tail Magmortar
iron-tail Leafeon
iron-tail Glaceon
iron-tail Porygon-Z
iron-tail Uxie
iron-tail Mesprit
iron-tail Azelf
iron-tail Dialga
iron-tail Giratina
iron-tail Giratina
iron-tail Purrloin
iron-tail Liepard
iron-tail Audino
iron-tail Scolipede
iron-tail Sandile
iron-tail Krokorok
iron-tail Krookodile
iron-tail Scraggy
iron-tail Scrafty
iron-tail Tirtouga
iron-tail Carracosta
iron-tail Archen
iron-tail Archeops
iron-tail Minccino
iron-tail Cinccino
iron-tail Emolga
iron-tail Axew
iron-tail Fraxure
iron-tail Haxorus
iron-tail Druddigon
iron-tail Hydreigon
iron-tail Tornadus
iron-tail Tornadus
iron-tail Thundurus
iron-tail Thundurus
iron-tail Landorus
iron-tail Landorus
iron-tail Bunnelby
iron-tail Diggersby
iron-tail Espurr
iron-tail Meowstic
iron-tail Meowstic
iron-tail Skrelp
iron-tail Dragalge
iron-tail Clauncher
iron-tail Clawitzer
iron-tail Helioptile
iron-tail Heliolisk
iron-tail Tyrunt
iron-tail Tyrantrum
iron-tail Amaura
iron-tail Aurorus
iron-tail Sylveon
iron-tail Dedenne
iron-tail Goomy
iron-tail Sliggoo
iron-tail Goodra
iron-tail Noibat
iron-tail Noivern
iron-tail Zygarde
iron-tail Popplio
iron-tail Brionne
iron-tail Primarina
iron-tail Rockruff
iron-tail Lycanroc
iron-tail Lycanroc
iron-tail Lycanroc
iron-tail Wishiwashi
iron-tail Salandit
iron-tail Salazzle
iron-tail Passimian
iron-tail Turtonator
iron-tail Togedemaru
iron-tail Jangmo-o
iron-tail Hakamo-o
iron-tail Kommo-o
iron-tail Solgaleo
iron-tail Guzzlord
iron-tail Poipole
iron-tail Naganadel
iron-tail Zeraora
iron-tail Skwovet
iron-tail Greedent
iron-tail Drednaw
iron-tail Obstagoon
iron-tail Perrserker
iron-tail Dracozolt
iron-tail Arctozolt
iron-tail Zacian
iron-tail Zamazenta
iron-tail Zarude
jaw-lock Chewtle
jaw-lock Drednaw
judgment Arceus
jump-kick Doduo
jump-kick Dodrio
jump-kick Hitmonlee
jump-kick Hitmonlee
jump-kick Stantler
jump-kick Buneary
jump-kick Lopunny
jump-kick Deerling
jump-kick Sawsbuck
jump-kick Mienfoo
jump-kick Mienshao
jump-kick Pheromosa
jump-kick Marshadow
jungle-healing Zarude
karate-chop Mankey
karate-chop Primeape
karate-chop Machop
karate-chop Machoke
karate-chop Machoke
karate-chop Machamp
karate-chop Machamp
karate-chop Sawk
karate-chop Pancham
karate-chop Pangoro
karate-chop Hawlucha
karate-chop Electabuzz
karate-chop Magmar
karate-chop Elekid
karate-chop Magby
karate-chop Electivire
karate-chop Magmortar
kinesis Kadabra
kinesis Alakazam
kings-shield Aegislash
kings-shield Aegislash
knock-off Machop
knock-off Machoke
knock-off Machamp
knock-off Farfetch'd
knock-off Farfetch'd
knock-off Lickitung
knock-off Tangela
knock-off Lombre
knock-off Ludicolo
knock-off Sableye
knock-off Corphish
knock-off Crawdaunt
knock-off Absol
knock-off Skorupi
knock-off Drapion
knock-off Lickilicky
knock-off Tangrowth
knock-off Regigigas
knock-off Zorua
knock-off Zoroark
knock-off Vullaby
knock-off Mandibuzz
knock-off Salazzle
knock-off Guzzlord
knock-off Grookey
knock-off Thwackey
knock-off Rillaboom
knock-off Sirfetch'd
knock-off Tentacool
knock-off Tentacruel
knock-off Krabby
knock-off Kingler
knock-off Omanyte
knock-off Kabuto
knock-off Shuckle
knock-off Zigzagoon
knock-off Linoone
knock-off Wingull
knock-off Pelipper
knock-off Ralts
knock-off Kirlia
knock-off Gardevoir
knock-off Anorith
knock-off Gallade
knock-off Woobat
knock-off Swoobat
knock-off Dwebble
knock-off Crustle
knock-off Tirtouga
knock-off Archen
knock-off Minccino
knock-off Cinccino
knock-off Karrablast
knock-off Escavalier
knock-off Ferroseed
knock-off Ferrothorn
knock-off Mienfoo
knock-off Mienshao
knock-off Rowlet
knock-off Dartrix
knock-off Decidueye
knock-off Passimian
knock-off Nickit
knock-off Thievul
knock-off Sizzlipede
knock-off Centiskorch
knock-off Obstagoon
lands-wrath Zygarde
laser-focus Horsea
laser-focus Seadra
laser-focus Scyther
laser-focus Mewtwo
laser-focus Scizor
laser-focus Kingdra
laser-focus Trapinch
laser-focus Vibrava
laser-focus Flygon
laser-focus Lucario
laser-focus Axew
laser-focus Fraxure
laser-focus Haxorus
laser-focus Cryogonal
laser-focus Pawniard
laser-focus Bisharp
laser-focus Bunnelby
laser-focus Diggersby
laser-focus Kartana
laser-focus Marshadow
laser-focus Arrokuda
laser-focus Barraskewda
laser-focus Duraludon
laser-focus Zacian
laser-focus Zamazenta
laser-focus Regidrago
lash-out Meowth
lash-out Meowth
lash-out Meowth
lash-out Persian
lash-out Persian
lash-out Tauros
lash-out Gyarados
lash-out Moltres
lash-out Mew
lash-out Umbreon
lash-out Sneasel
lash-out Tyranitar
lash-out Zigzagoon
lash-out Linoone
lash-out Nuzleaf
lash-out Shiftry
lash-out Sableye
lash-out Crawdaunt
lash-out Stunky
lash-out Skuntank
lash-out Spiritomb
lash-out Drapion
lash-out Croagunk
lash-out Toxicroak
lash-out Weavile
lash-out Purrloin
lash-out Liepard
lash-out Sandile
lash-out Krokorok
lash-out Krookodile
lash-out Darmanitan
lash-out Darmanitan
lash-out Scraggy
lash-out Scrafty
lash-out Archen
lash-out Archeops
lash-out Zorua
lash-out Zoroark
lash-out Stunfisk
lash-out Stunfisk
lash-out Druddigon
lash-out Pawniard
lash-out Bisharp
lash-out Bouffalant
lash-out Vullaby
lash-out Mandibuzz
lash-out Tornadus
lash-out Tornadus
lash-out Thundurus
lash-out Thundurus
lash-out Pancham
lash-out Pangoro
lash-out Inkay
lash-out Malamar
lash-out Tyrunt
lash-out Tyrantrum
lash-out Yveltal
lash-out Incineroar
lash-out Lycanroc
lash-out Mudsdale
lash-out Turtonator
lash-out Drampa
lash-out Guzzlord
lash-out Nickit
lash-out Thievul
lash-out Impidimp
lash-out Morgrem
lash-out Grimmsnarl
lash-out Obstagoon
lash-out Perrserker
lash-out Morpeko
lash-out Urshifu
lash-out Zarude
lash-out Glastrier
lash-out Spectrier
lash-out Calyrex
lash-out Calyrex
last-resort Chansey
last-resort Kangaskhan
last-resort Eevee
last-resort Vaporeon
last-resort Jolteon
last-resort Flareon
last-resort Snorlax
last-resort Togepi
last-resort Togetic
last-resort Espeon
last-resort Umbreon
last-resort Blissey
last-resort Jirachi
last-resort Munchlax
last-resort Togekiss
last-resort Leafeon
last-resort Glaceon
last-resort Azelf
last-resort Lillipup
last-resort Herdier
last-resort Stoutland
last-resort Audino
last-resort Minccino
last-resort Cinccino
last-resort Sylveon
last-resort Klefki
last-resort Dubwool
last-resort Indeedee
last-resort Drakloak
last-resort Dragapult
last-resort Jigglypuff
last-resort Wigglytuff
last-resort Meowth
last-resort Persian
last-resort Igglybuff
last-resort Dunsparce
last-resort Torchic
last-resort Rockruff
last-resort Lycanroc
last-resort Lycanroc
last-resort Oranguru
last-resort Skwovet
last-resort Greedent
last-resort Silicobra
last-resort Sandaconda
last-resort Milcery
last-resort Alcremie
lava-plume Magmar
lava-plume Flareon
lava-plume Magby
lava-plume Entei
lava-plume Torkoal
lava-plume Groudon
lava-plume Magmortar
lava-plume Heatran
leaf-blade Farfetch'd
leaf-blade Farfetch'd
leaf-blade Grovyle
leaf-blade Sceptile
leaf-blade Nuzleaf
leaf-blade Shiftry
leaf-blade Leafeon
leaf-blade Virizion
leaf-blade Rowlet
leaf-blade Dartrix
leaf-blade Decidueye
leaf-blade Fomantis
leaf-blade Lurantis
leaf-blade Kartana
leaf-blade Sirfetch'd
leaf-blade Farfetch'd
leaf-blade Farfetch'd
leaf-blade Mew
leaf-blade Bellossom
leaf-blade Celebi
leaf-blade Grovyle
leaf-blade Sceptile
leaf-blade Nuzleaf
leaf-blade Shiftry
leaf-blade Leafeon
leaf-blade Gallade
leaf-blade Lilligant
leaf-blade Virizion
leaf-blade Rowlet
leaf-blade Dartrix
leaf-blade Decidueye
leaf-blade Fomantis
leaf-blade Lurantis
leaf-blade Kartana
leaf-blade Sirfetch'd
leaf-storm Exeggutor
leaf-storm Exeggutor
leaf-storm Celebi
leaf-storm Treecko
leaf-storm Grovyle
leaf-storm Sceptile
leaf-storm Petilil
leaf-storm Lilligant
leaf-storm Decidueye
leaf-storm Steenee
leaf-storm Tsareena
leaf-storm Gossifleur
leaf-storm Eldegoss
leaf-storm Bulbasaur
leaf-storm Ivysaur
leaf-storm Venusaur
leaf-storm Exeggcute
leaf-storm Exeggutor
leaf-storm Exeggutor
leaf-storm Tangela
leaf-storm Mew
leaf-storm Bellossom
leaf-storm Celebi
leaf-storm Treecko
leaf-storm Grovyle
leaf-storm Sceptile
leaf-storm Ludicolo
leaf-storm Shiftry
leaf-storm Roselia
leaf-storm Budew
leaf-storm Roserade
leaf-storm Abomasnow
leaf-storm Tangrowth
leaf-storm Leafeon
leaf-storm Petilil
leaf-storm Lilligant
leaf-storm Maractus
leaf-storm Virizion
leaf-storm Trevenant
leaf-storm Decidueye
leaf-storm Fomantis
leaf-storm Lurantis
leaf-storm Steenee
leaf-storm Tsareena
leaf-storm Rillaboom
leaf-storm Gossifleur
leaf-storm Eldegoss
leaf-storm Calyrex
leaf-storm Calyrex
leaf-storm Calyrex
leaf-tornado Shiftry
leaf-tornado Gossifleur
leaf-tornado Eldegoss
leaf-tornado Comfey
leafage Treecko
leafage Grovyle
leafage Sceptile
leafage Cherubi
leafage Cherrim
leafage Snover
leafage Abomasnow
leafage Rowlet
leafage Dartrix
leafage Decidueye
leafage Fomantis
leafage Lurantis
leafage Tapu Bulu
leafage Gossifleur
leafage Eldegoss
leech-life Zubat
leech-life Golbat
leech-life Kabuto
leech-life Kabutops
leech-life Crobat
leech-life Larvesta
leech-life Volcarona
leech-life Dewpider
leech-life Araquanid
leech-life Sandshrew
leech-life Sandshrew
leech-life Sandslash
leech-life Sandslash
leech-life Zubat
leech-life Golbat
leech-life Kabuto
leech-life Kabutops
leech-life Mew
leech-life Crobat
leech-life Nincada
leech-life Ninjask
leech-life Shedinja
leech-life Drapion
leech-life Joltik
leech-life Galvantula
leech-life Shelmet
leech-life Accelgor
leech-life Larvesta
leech-life Volcarona
leech-life Genesect
leech-life Noibat
leech-life Noivern
leech-life Litten
leech-life Torracat
leech-life Incineroar
leech-life Cutiefly
leech-life Ribombee
leech-life Dewpider
leech-life Araquanid
leech-life Fomantis
leech-life Lurantis
leech-life Salandit
leech-life Salazzle
leech-life Wimpod
leech-life Golisopod
leech-life Mimikyu
leech-life Buzzwole
leech-life Naganadel
leech-life Dottler
leech-life Orbeetle
leech-life Sizzlipede
leech-life Centiskorch
leech-life Impidimp
leech-life Morgrem
leech-life Grimmsnarl
leech-life Cursola
leech-life Frosmoth
leech-life Dracovish
leech-seed Bulbasaur
leech-seed Ivysaur
leech-seed Venusaur
leech-seed Exeggcute
leech-seed Exeggutor
leech-seed Exeggutor
leech-seed Celebi
leech-seed Roselia
leech-seed Cradily
leech-seed Roserade
leech-seed Cherubi
leech-seed Cherrim
leech-seed Leafeon
leech-seed Cottonee
leech-seed Whimsicott
leech-seed Petilil
leech-seed Lilligant
leech-seed Maractus
leech-seed Phantump
leech-seed Trevenant
leech-seed Pumpkaboo
leech-seed Gourgeist
leech-seed Comfey
leech-seed Tapu Bulu
leech-seed Celesteela
leech-seed Flapple
leech-seed Appletun
leech-seed Calyrex
leech-seed Calyrex
leech-seed Calyrex
leech-seed Oddish
leech-seed Gloom
leech-seed Vileplume
leech-seed Tangela
leech-seed Bellossom
leech-seed Treecko
leech-seed Lotad
leech-seed Lombre
leech-seed Ludicolo
leech-seed Seedot
leech-seed Nuzleaf
leech-seed Shiftry
leech-seed Snover
leech-seed Abomasnow
leech-seed Tangrowth
leech-seed Ferroseed
leech-seed Ferrothorn
leech-seed Morelull
leech-seed Shiinotic
leech-seed Grookey
leech-seed Thwackey
leech-seed Rillaboom
leech-seed Gossifleur
leech-seed Eldegoss
leer Nidoran♂
leer Nidorino
leer Nidoking
leer Growlithe
leer Arcanine
leer Machop
leer Machoke
leer Machamp
leer Farfetch'd
leer Farfetch'd
leer Shellder
leer Cloyster
leer Krabby
leer Kingler
leer Horsea
leer Seadra
leer Scyther
leer Electabuzz
leer Magmar
leer Gyarados
leer Omanyte
leer Omastar
leer Kabuto
leer Kabutops
leer Moltres
leer Moltres
leer Dratini
leer Dragonair
leer Dragonite
leer Natu
leer Xatu
leer Scizor
leer Heracross
leer Sneasel
leer Skarmory
leer Kingdra
leer Elekid
leer Magby
leer Raikou
leer Entei
leer Suicune
leer Larvitar
leer Pupitar
leer Tyranitar
leer Treecko
leer Grovyle
leer Sceptile
leer Zigzagoon
leer Linoone
leer Sableye
leer Electrike
leer Manectric
leer Carvanha
leer Sharpedo
leer Corphish
leer Crawdaunt
leer Duskull
leer Dusclops
leer Absol
leer Snorunt
leer Glalie
leer Bagon
leer Shelgon
leer Salamence
leer Shinx
leer Luxio
leer Luxray
leer Skorupi
leer Drapion
leer Snover
leer Abomasnow
leer Weavile
leer Electivire
leer Magmortar
leer Gallade
leer Dusknoir
leer Froslass
leer Heatran
leer Lillipup
leer Herdier
leer Stoutland
leer Pidove
leer Tranquill
leer Unfezant
leer Timburr
leer Gurdurr
leer Conkeldurr
leer Throh
leer Sawk
leer Sandile
leer Krokorok
leer Krookodile
leer Scraggy
leer Scrafty
leer Archen
leer Archeops
leer Zorua
leer Zoroark
leer Karrablast
leer Escavalier
leer Axew
leer Fraxure
leer Haxorus
leer Druddigon
leer Pawniard
leer Bisharp
leer Bouffalant
leer Rufflet
leer Braviary
leer Vullaby
leer Mandibuzz
leer Cobalion
leer Terrakion
leer Virizion
leer Tornadus
leer Tornadus
leer Thundurus
leer Thundurus
leer Landorus
leer Landorus
leer Keldeo
leer Bunnelby
leer Diggersby
leer Pancham
leer Pangoro
leer Espurr
leer Meowstic
leer Meowstic
leer Volcanion
leer Rockruff
leer Lycanroc
leer Lycanroc
leer Lycanroc
leer Stufful
leer Bewear
leer Passimian
leer Jangmo-o
leer Hakamo-o
leer Kommo-o
leer Pheromosa
leer Rookidee
leer Corvisquire
leer Corviknight
leer Toxtricity
leer Toxtricity
leer Clobbopus
leer Grapploct
leer Obstagoon
leer Sirfetch'd
leer Morpeko
leer Duraludon
leer Kubfu
leer Urshifu
leer Urshifu
leer Zarude
leer Cubone
leer Marowak
leer Marowak
leer Stunky
leer Skuntank
lick Gastly
lick Haunter
lick Gengar
lick Lickitung
lick Jynx
lick Snorlax
lick Smoochum
lick Zigzagoon
lick Linoone
lick Munchlax
lick Lickilicky
lick Heatmor
lick Litten
lick Torracat
lick Incineroar
lick Obstagoon
lick Lillipup
lick Herdier
lick Stoutland
life-dew Clefairy
life-dew Clefable
life-dew Chansey
life-dew Lapras
life-dew Mewtwo
life-dew Mew
life-dew Togepi
life-dew Togetic
life-dew Corsola
life-dew Blissey
life-dew Ho-oh
life-dew Celebi
life-dew Ralts
life-dew Kirlia
life-dew Gardevoir
life-dew Milotic
life-dew Jirachi
life-dew Lucario
life-dew Togekiss
life-dew Gallade
life-dew Audino
life-dew Hatenna
life-dew Hattrem
life-dew Hatterene
life-dew Calyrex
life-dew Calyrex
life-dew Calyrex
life-dew Squirtle
life-dew Wartortle
life-dew Blastoise
life-dew Shellder
life-dew Cloyster
life-dew Roselia
life-dew Budew
life-dew Roserade
life-dew Goomy
life-dew Sliggoo
life-dew Goodra
life-dew Popplio
life-dew Brionne
life-dew Primarina
light-screen Pikachu
light-screen Raichu
light-screen Raichu
light-screen Magnemite
light-screen Magneton
light-screen Chansey
light-screen Staryu
light-screen Starmie
light-screen Mr. Mime
light-screen Mr. Mime
light-screen Electabuzz
light-screen Zapdos
light-screen Zapdos
light-screen Elekid
light-screen Blissey
light-screen Mime Jr.
light-screen Magnezone
light-screen Electivire
light-screen Sigilyph
light-screen Solosis
light-screen Duosion
light-screen Reuniclus
light-screen Emolga
light-screen Cryogonal
light-screen Espurr
light-screen Meowstic
light-screen Meowstic
light-screen Amaura
light-screen Aurorus
light-screen Sylveon
light-screen Carbink
light-screen Xerneas
light-screen Diancie
light-screen Drampa
light-screen Blacephalon
light-screen Dottler
light-screen Orbeetle
light-screen Mr. Rime
light-screen Bulbasaur
light-screen Ivysaur
light-screen Venusaur
light-screen Pikachu
light-screen Raichu
light-screen Raichu
light-screen Clefairy
light-screen Clefable
light-screen Jigglypuff
light-screen Wigglytuff
light-screen Psyduck
light-screen Golduck
light-screen Abra
light-screen Kadabra
light-screen Alakazam
light-screen Machop
light-screen Machoke
light-screen Machamp
light-screen Slowpoke
light-screen Slowpoke
light-screen Slowbro
light-screen Slowbro
light-screen Magnemite
light-screen Magneton
light-screen Cloyster
light-screen Exeggcute
light-screen Exeggutor
light-screen Exeggutor
light-screen Chansey
light-screen Staryu
light-screen Starmie
light-screen Mr. Mime
light-screen Mr. Mime
light-screen Scyther
light-screen Jynx
light-screen Electabuzz
light-screen Jolteon
light-screen Articuno
light-screen Zapdos
light-screen Zapdos
light-screen Dratini
light-screen Dragonair
light-screen Dragonite
light-screen Mewtwo
light-screen Mew
light-screen Pichu
light-screen Cleffa
light-screen Igglybuff
light-screen Togepi
light-screen Togetic
light-screen Natu
light-screen Xatu
light-screen Marill
light-screen Azumarill
light-screen Espeon
light-screen Slowking
light-screen Slowking
light-screen Scizor
light-screen Swinub
light-screen Piloswine
light-screen Corsola
light-screen Corsola
light-screen Smoochum
light-screen Elekid
light-screen Blissey
light-screen Raikou
light-screen Lugia
light-screen Ho-oh
light-screen Celebi
light-screen Ralts
light-screen Kirlia
light-screen Gardevoir
light-screen Azurill
light-screen Electrike
light-screen Manectric
light-screen Lunatone
light-screen Solrock
light-screen Baltoy
light-screen Claydol
light-screen Feebas
light-screen Milotic
light-screen Snorunt
light-screen Glalie
light-screen Metang
light-screen Metagross
light-screen Latias
light-screen Latios
light-screen Jirachi
light-screen Shinx
light-screen Luxio
light-screen Luxray
light-screen Bronzor
light-screen Bronzong
light-screen Mime Jr.
light-screen Happiny
light-screen Snover
light-screen Abomasnow
light-screen Magnezone
light-screen Electivire
light-screen Togekiss
light-screen Mamoswine
light-screen Gallade
light-screen Froslass
light-screen Rotom
light-screen Rotom
light-screen Rotom
light-screen Rotom
light-screen Rotom
light-screen Rotom
light-screen Uxie
light-screen Mesprit
light-screen Azelf
light-screen Cresselia
light-screen Victini
light-screen Munna
light-screen Musharna
light-screen Woobat
light-screen Swoobat
light-screen Audino
light-screen Whimsicott
light-screen Lilligant
light-screen Sigilyph
light-screen Cinccino
light-screen Gothita
light-screen Gothorita
light-screen Gothitelle
light-screen Solosis
light-screen Duosion
light-screen Reuniclus
light-screen Vanillite
light-screen Vanillish
light-screen Vanilluxe
light-screen Emolga
light-screen Joltik
light-screen Galvantula
light-screen Elgyem
light-screen Beheeyem
light-screen Cryogonal
light-screen Larvesta
light-screen Volcarona
light-screen Virizion
light-screen Reshiram
light-screen Zekrom
light-screen Kyurem
light-screen Kyurem
light-screen Kyurem
light-screen Genesect
light-screen Espurr
light-screen Meowstic
light-screen Meowstic
light-screen Spritzee
light-screen Aromatisse
light-screen Swirlix
light-screen Slurpuff
light-screen Inkay
light-screen Malamar
light-screen Helioptile
light-screen Heliolisk
light-screen Amaura
light-screen Aurorus
light-screen Sylveon
light-screen Carbink
light-screen Klefki
light-screen Pumpkaboo
light-screen Gourgeist
light-screen Xerneas
light-screen Diancie
light-screen Rowlet
light-screen Dartrix
light-screen Decidueye
light-screen Primarina
light-screen Grubbin
light-screen Charjabug
light-screen Vikavolt
light-screen Cutiefly
light-screen Ribombee
light-screen Toxapex
light-screen Morelull
light-screen Shiinotic
light-screen Bounsweet
light-screen Steenee
light-screen Tsareena
light-screen Comfey
light-screen Oranguru
light-screen Pyukumuku
light-screen Mimikyu
light-screen Drampa
light-screen Tapu Koko
light-screen Tapu Lele
light-screen Tapu Bulu
light-screen Tapu Fini
light-screen Solgaleo
light-screen Lunala
light-screen Nihilego
light-screen Xurkitree
light-screen Necrozma
light-screen Magearna
light-screen Stakataka
light-screen Blacephalon
light-screen Sobble
light-screen Drizzile
light-screen Inteleon
light-screen Corviknight
light-screen Dottler
light-screen Orbeetle
light-screen Gossifleur
light-screen Eldegoss
light-screen Appletun
light-screen Polteageist
light-screen Hatenna
light-screen Hattrem
light-screen Hatterene
light-screen Morgrem
light-screen Grimmsnarl
light-screen Cursola
light-screen Mr. Rime
light-screen Alcremie
light-screen Frosmoth
light-screen Indeedee
light-screen Duraludon
light-screen Dragapult
light-screen Zamazenta
light-screen Eternatus
light-screen Regieleki
light-screen Regidrago
light-screen Calyrex
light-screen Calyrex
light-screen Calyrex
liquidation Kabuto
liquidation Kabutops
liquidation Carvanha
liquidation Sharpedo
liquidation Mareanie
liquidation Toxapex
liquidation Dewpider
liquidation Araquanid
liquidation Golisopod
liquidation Sobble
liquidation Drizzile
liquidation Inteleon
liquidation Chewtle
liquidation Drednaw
liquidation Arrokuda
liquidation Barraskewda
liquidation Blastoise
liquidation Golduck
liquidation Poliwrath
liquidation Slowpoke
liquidation Slowpoke
liquidation Slowbro
liquidation Slowbro
liquidation Shellder
liquidation Cloyster
liquidation Krabby
liquidation Kingler
liquidation Horsea
liquidation Seadra
liquidation Lapras
liquidation Vaporeon
liquidation Omastar
liquidation Kabuto
liquidation Kabutops
liquidation Mew
liquidation Azumarill
liquidation Politoed
liquidation Quagsire
liquidation Slowking
liquidation Slowking
liquidation Qwilfish
liquidation Corsola
liquidation Corsola
liquidation Octillery
liquidation Mantine
liquidation Kingdra
liquidation Suicune
liquidation Swampert
liquidation Wingull
liquidation Pelipper
liquidation Carvanha
liquidation Sharpedo
liquidation Wailord
liquidation Whiscash
liquidation Crawdaunt
liquidation Armaldo
liquidation Walrein
liquidation Relicanth
liquidation Kyogre
liquidation Palkia
liquidation Seismitoad
liquidation Basculin
liquidation Tirtouga
liquidation Carracosta
liquidation Beartic
liquidation Keldeo
liquidation Inkay
liquidation Malamar
liquidation Binacle
liquidation Barbaracle
liquidation Clawitzer
liquidation Volcanion
liquidation Primarina
liquidation Wishiwashi
liquidation Mareanie
liquidation Toxapex
liquidation Dewpider
liquidation Araquanid
liquidation Golisopod
liquidation Dhelmise
liquidation Sobble
liquidation Drizzile
liquidation Inteleon
liquidation Chewtle
liquidation Drednaw
liquidation Cramorant
liquidation Arrokuda
liquidation Barraskewda
liquidation Clobbopus
liquidation Grapploct
liquidation Cursola
liquidation Pincurchin
liquidation Eiscue
liquidation Dracovish
liquidation Arctovish
liquidation Urshifu
lock-on Magnemite
lock-on Magneton
lock-on Porygon
lock-on Remoraid
lock-on Octillery
lock-on Porygon2
lock-on Regirock
lock-on Regice
lock-on Registeel
lock-on Magnezone
lock-on Porygon-Z
lock-on Klink
lock-on Klang
lock-on Klinklang
lock-on Genesect
lock-on Drakloak
lock-on Dragapult
lock-on Regieleki
lovely-kiss Jynx
low-kick Machop
low-kick Machoke
low-kick Machamp
low-kick Hitmonlee
low-kick Electabuzz
low-kick Magmar
low-kick Sudowoodo
low-kick Elekid
low-kick Magby
low-kick Bonsly
low-kick Electivire
low-kick Magmortar
low-kick Timburr
low-kick Gurdurr
low-kick Conkeldurr
low-kick Scraggy
low-kick Scrafty
low-kick Pheromosa
low-kick Golduck
low-kick Machop
low-kick Machoke
low-kick Machamp
low-kick Ponyta
low-kick Ponyta
low-kick Rapidash
low-kick Rapidash
low-kick Exeggutor
low-kick Exeggutor
low-kick Cubone
low-kick Marowak
low-kick Marowak
low-kick Hitmonlee
low-kick Hitmonchan
low-kick Kangaskhan
low-kick Electabuzz
low-kick Magmar
low-kick Kabutops
low-kick Zapdos
low-kick Mewtwo
low-kick Mew
low-kick Sudowoodo
low-kick Heracross
low-kick Sneasel
low-kick Tyrogue
low-kick Hitmontop
low-kick Elekid
low-kick Magby
low-kick Tyranitar
low-kick Treecko
low-kick Grovyle
low-kick Sceptile
low-kick Torchic
low-kick Combusken
low-kick Blaziken
low-kick Mudkip
low-kick Marshtomp
low-kick Swampert
low-kick Nuzleaf
low-kick Shiftry
low-kick Loudred
low-kick Exploud
low-kick Sableye
low-kick Aggron
low-kick Armaldo
low-kick Buneary
low-kick Lopunny
low-kick Bonsly
low-kick Riolu
low-kick Lucario
low-kick Croagunk
low-kick Toxicroak
low-kick Weavile
low-kick Electivire
low-kick Magmortar
low-kick Gallade
low-kick Audino
low-kick Timburr
low-kick Gurdurr
low-kick Conkeldurr
low-kick Seismitoad
low-kick Throh
low-kick Sawk
low-kick Krokorok
low-kick Krookodile
low-kick Scraggy
low-kick Scrafty
low-kick Carracosta
low-kick Zoroark
low-kick Fraxure
low-kick Haxorus
low-kick Cubchoo
low-kick Beartic
low-kick Mienfoo
low-kick Mienshao
low-kick Golett
low-kick Golurk
low-kick Pawniard
low-kick Bisharp
low-kick Heatmor
low-kick Keldeo
low-kick Diggersby
low-kick Pancham
low-kick Pangoro
low-kick Barbaracle
low-kick Heliolisk
low-kick Hawlucha
low-kick Incineroar
low-kick Mudbray
low-kick Mudsdale
low-kick Bewear
low-kick Tsareena
low-kick Jangmo-o
low-kick Hakamo-o
low-kick Kommo-o
low-kick Pheromosa
low-kick Marshadow
low-kick Zeraora
low-kick Grookey
low-kick Thwackey
low-kick Rillaboom
low-kick Scorbunny
low-kick Raboot
low-kick Cinderace
low-kick Impidimp
low-kick Morgrem
low-kick Grimmsnarl
low-kick Obstagoon
low-kick Dracozolt
low-kick Arctozolt
low-kick Dracovish
low-kick Kubfu
low-kick Urshifu
low-kick Urshifu
low-kick Zarude
low-sweep Machop
low-sweep Machoke
low-sweep Machamp
low-sweep Hitmonlee
low-sweep Sawk
low-sweep Pancham
low-sweep Pangoro
low-sweep Golduck
low-sweep Poliwrath
low-sweep Machop
low-sweep Machoke
low-sweep Machamp
low-sweep Hitmonlee
low-sweep Hitmonchan
low-sweep Electabuzz
low-sweep Magmar
low-sweep Zapdos
low-sweep Mewtwo
low-sweep Mew
low-sweep Sneasel
low-sweep Tyrogue
low-sweep Hitmontop
low-sweep Grovyle
low-sweep Sceptile
low-sweep Combusken
low-sweep Blaziken
low-sweep Nuzleaf
low-sweep Shiftry
low-sweep Sableye
low-sweep Buneary
low-sweep Lopunny
low-sweep Riolu
low-sweep Lucario
low-sweep Croagunk
low-sweep Toxicroak
low-sweep Weavile
low-sweep Electivire
low-sweep Magmortar
low-sweep Gallade
low-sweep Timburr
low-sweep Gurdurr
low-sweep Conkeldurr
low-sweep Throh
low-sweep Sawk
low-sweep Krokorok
low-sweep Krookodile
low-sweep Scraggy
low-sweep Scrafty
low-sweep Zoroark
low-sweep Gothitelle
low-sweep Mienfoo
low-sweep Mienshao
low-sweep Golett
low-sweep Golurk
low-sweep Pawniard
low-sweep Bisharp
low-sweep Pancham
low-sweep Pangoro
low-sweep Helioptile
low-sweep Heliolisk
low-sweep Hawlucha
low-sweep Decidueye
low-sweep Incineroar
low-sweep Lycanroc
low-sweep Mudbray
low-sweep Mudsdale
low-sweep Lurantis
low-sweep Stufful
low-sweep Bewear
low-sweep Steenee
low-sweep Tsareena
low-sweep Passimian
low-sweep Buzzwole
low-sweep Pheromosa
low-sweep Marshadow
low-sweep Zeraora
low-sweep Scorbunny
low-sweep Raboot
low-sweep Cinderace
low-sweep Grimmsnarl
low-sweep Kubfu
low-sweep Urshifu
low-sweep Urshifu
lucky-chant Clefairy
lucky-chant Oddish
lucky-chant Gloom
lucky-chant Natu
lucky-chant Xatu
lucky-chant Corsola
lucky-chant Smoochum
lucky-chant Ralts
lucky-chant Kirlia
lucky-chant Luvdisc
lucky-chant Jirachi
lucky-chant Cherubi
lucky-chant Cherrim
lucky-chant Mismagius
lucky-chant Mesprit
lucky-chant Munna
lucky-chant Musharna
lucky-chant Fennekin
lucky-chant Braixen
lucky-chant Delphox
lucky-chant Flabébé
lucky-chant Floette
lucky-chant Florges
lucky-chant Magearna
lucky-chant Pikachu
lucky-chant Raichu
lucky-chant Raichu
lucky-chant Exeggcute
lucky-chant Exeggutor
lucky-chant Exeggutor
lucky-chant Pichu
lucky-chant Togepi
lucky-chant Togetic
lucky-chant Plusle
lucky-chant Minun
lucky-chant Spoink
lucky-chant Grumpig
lucky-chant Castform
lucky-chant Togekiss
lucky-chant Pidove
lucky-chant Tranquill
lucky-chant Unfezant
lucky-chant Audino
lucky-chant Ducklett
lucky-chant Swanna
lucky-chant Comfey
lucky-chant Shaymin
lunar-blessing Cresselia
lunar-dance Cresselia
lunge Dewpider
lunge Araquanid
lunge Buzzwole
lunge Pheromosa
lunge Sizzlipede
lunge Centiskorch
lunge Joltik
lunge Galvantula
luster-purge Latios
mach-punch Hitmonchan
mach-punch Hitmonlee
mach-punch Hitmonchan
mach-punch Tyrogue
mach-punch Hitmontop
mach-punch Magby
mach-punch Timburr
mach-punch Gurdurr
mach-punch Conkeldurr
magic-coat Porygon
magic-coat Porygon2
magic-coat Lopunny
magic-coat Porygon-Z
magic-coat Munna
magic-coat Musharna
magic-coat Lunala
magic-coat Blacephalon
magic-coat Orbeetle
magic-coat Abra
magic-coat Kadabra
magic-coat Alakazam
magic-coat Dunsparce
magic-coat Absol
magic-powder Hatterene
magic-room Lunatone
magic-room Gothita
magic-room Gothorita
magic-room Gothitelle
magic-room Klefki
magic-room Raichu
magic-room Wigglytuff
magic-room Abra
magic-room Kadabra
magic-room Alakazam
magic-room Rapidash
magic-room Mr. Mime
magic-room Mr. Mime
magic-room Jynx
magic-room Mewtwo
magic-room Mew
magic-room Natu
magic-room Xatu
magic-room Espeon
magic-room Smoochum
magic-room Celebi
magic-room Ralts
magic-room Kirlia
magic-room Gardevoir
magic-room Lunatone
magic-room Latias
magic-room Jirachi
magic-room Mime Jr.
magic-room Gallade
magic-room Uxie
magic-room Mesprit
magic-room Azelf
magic-room Cresselia
magic-room Sigilyph
magic-room Gothita
magic-room Gothorita
magic-room Gothitelle
magic-room Espurr
magic-room Meowstic
magic-room Meowstic
magic-room Klefki
magic-room Cutiefly
magic-room Ribombee
magic-room Dewpider
magic-room Araquanid
magic-room Morelull
magic-room Shiinotic
magic-room Oranguru
magic-room Mimikyu
magic-room Tapu Lele
magic-room Tapu Fini
magic-room Lunala
magic-room Stakataka
magic-room Dottler
magic-room Orbeetle
magic-room Hatterene
magic-room Mr. Rime
magic-room Alcremie
magic-room Indeedee
magic-room Calyrex
magic-room Calyrex
magic-room Calyrex
magical-leaf Celebi
magical-leaf Roselia
magical-leaf Roserade
magical-leaf Cherubi
magical-leaf Cherrim
magical-leaf Leafeon
magical-leaf Petilil
magical-leaf Lilligant
magical-leaf Virizion
magical-leaf Meowstic
magical-leaf Bounsweet
magical-leaf Steenee
magical-leaf Tsareena
magical-leaf Comfey
magical-leaf Bulbasaur
magical-leaf Ivysaur
magical-leaf Venusaur
magical-leaf Clefairy
magical-leaf Clefable
magical-leaf Exeggutor
magical-leaf Exeggutor
magical-leaf Mr. Mime
magical-leaf Mew
magical-leaf Cleffa
magical-leaf Togetic
magical-leaf Bellossom
magical-leaf Celebi
magical-leaf Treecko
magical-leaf Grovyle
magical-leaf Sceptile
magical-leaf Ralts
magical-leaf Kirlia
magical-leaf Gardevoir
magical-leaf Roselia
magical-leaf Roserade
magical-leaf Cherubi
magical-leaf Cherrim
magical-leaf Snover
magical-leaf Abomasnow
magical-leaf Togekiss
magical-leaf Leafeon
magical-leaf Gallade
magical-leaf Petilil
magical-leaf Lilligant
magical-leaf Virizion
magical-leaf Meowstic
magical-leaf Sylveon
magical-leaf Phantump
magical-leaf Trevenant
magical-leaf Ribombee
magical-leaf Fomantis
magical-leaf Lurantis
magical-leaf Bounsweet
magical-leaf Steenee
magical-leaf Tsareena
magical-leaf Comfey
magical-leaf Grookey
magical-leaf Thwackey
magical-leaf Rillaboom
magical-leaf Gossifleur
magical-leaf Eldegoss
magical-leaf Hatenna
magical-leaf Hattrem
magical-leaf Hatterene
magical-leaf Alcremie
magical-leaf Indeedee
magical-leaf Indeedee
magical-leaf Zarude
magical-leaf Calyrex
magical-leaf Calyrex
magical-leaf Calyrex
magma-storm Heatran
magnet-bomb Magnemite
magnet-bomb Magneton
magnet-bomb Magnezone
magnet-bomb Probopass
magnet-bomb Probopass
magnet-bomb Genesect
magnet-rise Magnemite
magnet-rise Magneton
magnet-rise Porygon
magnet-rise Steelix
magnet-rise Porygon2
magnet-rise Metang
magnet-rise Metagross
magnet-rise Magnezone
magnet-rise Porygon-Z
magnet-rise Genesect
magnet-rise Togedemaru
magnet-rise Xurkitree
magnet-rise Stakataka
magnet-rise Regieleki
magnet-rise Vanillite
magnet-rise Vanillish
magnet-rise Vanilluxe
magnet-rise Dedenne
magnet-rise Klefki
magnetic-flux Zapdos
magnetic-flux Magnezone
magnetic-flux Klinklang
magnetic-flux Toxtricity
magnitude Sandshrew
magnitude Sandslash
magnitude Diglett
magnitude Diglett
magnitude Dugtrio
magnitude Dugtrio
magnitude Geodude
magnitude Graveler
magnitude Golem
magnitude Donphan
magnitude Numel
magnitude Camerupt
magnitude Barboach
magnitude Whiscash
magnitude Golett
magnitude Golurk
magnitude Lickitung
magnitude Rhyhorn
magnitude Rhydon
magnitude Nosepass
magnitude Relicanth
magnitude Lickilicky
magnitude Rhyperior
magnitude Probopass
magnitude Tepig
magnitude Pignite
magnitude Emboar
magnitude Roggenrola
magnitude Boldore
magnitude Gigalith
magnitude Mudbray
magnitude Mudsdale
mat-block Throh
mat-block Greninja
me-first Golduck
me-first Lickitung
me-first Mewtwo
me-first Mew
me-first Sentret
me-first Furret
me-first Natu
me-first Xatu
me-first Stantler
me-first Stantler
me-first Absol
me-first Lucario
me-first Lickilicky
me-first Accelgor
me-first Fletchling
me-first Fletchinder
me-first Talonflame
me-first Meowstic
me-first Pheromosa
me-first Rattata
me-first Rattata
me-first Raticate
me-first Raticate
me-first Slowpoke
me-first Slowbro
me-first Pinsir
me-first Slowking
me-first Misdreavus
me-first Stantler
me-first Poochyena
me-first Mightyena
me-first Absol
me-first Buizel
me-first Floatzel
me-first Mismagius
me-first Croagunk
me-first Toxicroak
me-first Blitzle
me-first Zebstrika
me-first Sewaddle
me-first Swadloon
me-first Leavanny
me-first Sandile
me-first Krokorok
me-first Krookodile
me-first Ducklett
me-first Swanna
me-first Stunfisk
me-first Mienfoo
me-first Mienshao
me-first Pancham
me-first Pangoro
me-first Hawlucha
mean-look Zubat
mean-look Golbat
mean-look Gastly
mean-look Haunter
mean-look Gengar
mean-look Jynx
mean-look Crobat
mean-look Umbreon
mean-look Smoochum
mean-look Sableye
mean-look Duskull
mean-look Dusclops
mean-look Dusknoir
mean-look Yamask
mean-look Yamask
mean-look Cofagrigus
mean-look Meowstic
mean-look Tapu Koko
mean-look Tapu Lele
mean-look Tapu Bulu
mean-look Tapu Fini
mean-look Runerigus
mean-look Ralts
mean-look Kirlia
mean-look Gardevoir
mean-look Absol
mean-look Gallade
mean-look Gothita
mean-look Gothorita
mean-look Gothitelle
mean-look Pawniard
mean-look Bisharp
mean-look Vullaby
mean-look Mandibuzz
mean-look Hawlucha
meditate Drowzee
meditate Hypno
meditate Hitmonlee
meditate Hitmonlee
meditate Mr. Mime
meditate Meditite
meditate Medicham
meditate Medicham
meditate Mime Jr.
meditate Mienfoo
meditate Mienshao
meditate Mienshao
meditate Mankey
meditate Primeape
meditate Machop
meditate Machoke
meditate Machamp
meditate Jynx
meditate Electabuzz
meditate Smoochum
meditate Elekid
meditate Croagunk
meditate Toxicroak
meditate Electivire
mega-drain Oddish
mega-drain Gloom
mega-drain Vileplume
mega-drain Exeggcute
mega-drain Exeggutor
mega-drain Exeggutor
mega-drain Tangela
mega-drain Bellossom
mega-drain Treecko
mega-drain Grovyle
mega-drain Sceptile
mega-drain Lotad
mega-drain Lombre
mega-drain Ludicolo
mega-drain Seedot
mega-drain Nuzleaf
mega-drain Shiftry
mega-drain Roselia
mega-drain Lileep
mega-drain Cradily
mega-drain Roserade
mega-drain Tangrowth
mega-drain Cottonee
mega-drain Whimsicott
mega-drain Petilil
mega-drain Lilligant
mega-drain Maractus
mega-drain Foongus
mega-drain Amoonguss
mega-drain Shelmet
mega-drain Accelgor
mega-drain Morelull
mega-drain Shiinotic
mega-drain Sandygast
mega-drain Palossand
mega-drain Dhelmise
mega-drain Tapu Bulu
mega-drain Celesteela
mega-drain Sinistea
mega-drain Polteageist
mega-drain Calyrex
mega-drain Calyrex
mega-drain Calyrex
mega-drain Kabuto
mega-kick Hitmonlee
mega-kick Mudbray
mega-kick Mudsdale
mega-kick Stonjourner
mega-kick Charmander
mega-kick Charmeleon
mega-kick Charizard
mega-kick Squirtle
mega-kick Wartortle
mega-kick Blastoise
mega-kick Pikachu
mega-kick Raichu
mega-kick Raichu
mega-kick Nidoqueen
mega-kick Nidoking
mega-kick Clefairy
mega-kick Clefable
mega-kick Jigglypuff
mega-kick Wigglytuff
mega-kick Psyduck
mega-kick Golduck
mega-kick Poliwhirl
mega-kick Poliwrath
mega-kick Abra
mega-kick Kadabra
mega-kick Alakazam
mega-kick Machop
mega-kick Machoke
mega-kick Machamp
mega-kick Slowbro
mega-kick Slowbro
mega-kick Gengar
mega-kick Cubone
mega-kick Marowak
mega-kick Marowak
mega-kick Hitmonlee
mega-kick Hitmonchan
mega-kick Lickitung
mega-kick Rhydon
mega-kick Chansey
mega-kick Kangaskhan
mega-kick Mr. Mime
mega-kick Mr. Mime
mega-kick Jynx
mega-kick Electabuzz
mega-kick Magmar
mega-kick Kabutops
mega-kick Snorlax
mega-kick Zapdos
mega-kick Dragonite
mega-kick Mewtwo
mega-kick Mew
mega-kick Pichu
mega-kick Cleffa
mega-kick Igglybuff
mega-kick Togepi
mega-kick Togetic
mega-kick Marill
mega-kick Azumarill
mega-kick Sudowoodo
mega-kick Politoed
mega-kick Quagsire
mega-kick Slowking
mega-kick Slowking
mega-kick Sneasel
mega-kick Delibird
mega-kick Tyrogue
mega-kick Hitmontop
mega-kick Smoochum
mega-kick Elekid
mega-kick Magby
mega-kick Miltank
mega-kick Blissey
mega-kick Tyranitar
mega-kick Treecko
mega-kick Grovyle
mega-kick Sceptile
mega-kick Torchic
mega-kick Combusken
mega-kick Blaziken
mega-kick Marshtomp
mega-kick Swampert
mega-kick Lombre
mega-kick Ludicolo
mega-kick Nuzleaf
mega-kick Shiftry
mega-kick Ralts
mega-kick Kirlia
mega-kick Gardevoir
mega-kick Whismur
mega-kick Loudred
mega-kick Exploud
mega-kick Sableye
mega-kick Mawile
mega-kick Aggron
mega-kick Flygon
mega-kick Dusclops
mega-kick Regirock
mega-kick Regice
mega-kick Registeel
mega-kick Groudon
mega-kick Jirachi
mega-kick Buneary
mega-kick Lopunny
mega-kick Munchlax
mega-kick Riolu
mega-kick Lucario
mega-kick Croagunk
mega-kick Toxicroak
mega-kick Abomasnow
mega-kick Weavile
mega-kick Lickilicky
mega-kick Rhyperior
mega-kick Electivire
mega-kick Magmortar
mega-kick Togekiss
mega-kick Gallade
mega-kick Dusknoir
mega-kick Regigigas
mega-kick Victini
mega-kick Audino
mega-kick Timburr
mega-kick Gurdurr
mega-kick Conkeldurr
mega-kick Seismitoad
mega-kick Throh
mega-kick Sawk
mega-kick Krokorok
mega-kick Krookodile
mega-kick Darumaka
mega-kick Darumaka
mega-kick Darmanitan
mega-kick Darmanitan
mega-kick Scraggy
mega-kick Scrafty
mega-kick Zoroark
mega-kick Cubchoo
mega-kick Beartic
mega-kick Mienfoo
mega-kick Mienshao
mega-kick Golett
mega-kick Golurk
mega-kick Diggersby
mega-kick Pancham
mega-kick Pangoro
mega-kick Heliolisk
mega-kick Hawlucha
mega-kick Goodra
mega-kick Incineroar
mega-kick Lycanroc
mega-kick Mudbray
mega-kick Mudsdale
mega-kick Stufful
mega-kick Bewear
mega-kick Tsareena
mega-kick Oranguru
mega-kick Passimian
mega-kick Turtonator
mega-kick Hakamo-o
mega-kick Kommo-o
mega-kick Guzzlord
mega-kick Marshadow
mega-kick Stakataka
mega-kick Zeraora
mega-kick Melmetal
mega-kick Grookey
mega-kick Thwackey
mega-kick Rillaboom
mega-kick Scorbunny
mega-kick Raboot
mega-kick Cinderace
mega-kick Dubwool
mega-kick Coalossal
mega-kick Toxtricity
mega-kick Toxtricity
mega-kick Impidimp
mega-kick Morgrem
mega-kick Grimmsnarl
mega-kick Obstagoon
mega-kick Mr. Rime
mega-kick Stonjourner
mega-kick Cufant
mega-kick Copperajah
mega-kick Dracozolt
mega-kick Arctozolt
mega-kick Dracovish
mega-kick Kubfu
mega-kick Urshifu
mega-kick Urshifu
mega-kick Zarude
mega-punch Hitmonchan
mega-punch Regigigas
mega-punch Golett
mega-punch Golurk
mega-punch Buzzwole
mega-punch Melmetal
mega-punch Charmander
mega-punch Charmeleon
mega-punch Charizard
mega-punch Squirtle
mega-punch Wartortle
mega-punch Blastoise
mega-punch Pikachu
mega-punch Raichu
mega-punch Raichu
mega-punch Nidoqueen
mega-punch Nidoking
mega-punch Clefairy
mega-punch Clefable
mega-punch Jigglypuff
mega-punch Wigglytuff
mega-punch Psyduck
mega-punch Golduck
mega-punch Poliwhirl
mega-punch Poliwrath
mega-punch Abra
mega-punch Kadabra
mega-punch Alakazam
mega-punch Machop
mega-punch Machoke
mega-punch Machamp
mega-punch Slowbro
mega-punch Slowbro
mega-punch Gengar
mega-punch Cubone
mega-punch Marowak
mega-punch Marowak
mega-punch Hitmonlee
mega-punch Hitmonchan
mega-punch Lickitung
mega-punch Rhydon
mega-punch Chansey
mega-punch Kangaskhan
mega-punch Mr. Mime
mega-punch Mr. Mime
mega-punch Jynx
mega-punch Electabuzz
mega-punch Magmar
mega-punch Snorlax
mega-punch Dragonite
mega-punch Mewtwo
mega-punch Mew
mega-punch Pichu
mega-punch Cleffa
mega-punch Igglybuff
mega-punch Togepi
mega-punch Togetic
mega-punch Marill
mega-punch Azumarill
mega-punch Sudowoodo
mega-punch Politoed
mega-punch Quagsire
mega-punch Slowking
mega-punch Slowking
mega-punch Sneasel
mega-punch Delibird
mega-punch Tyrogue
mega-punch Hitmontop
mega-punch Smoochum
mega-punch Elekid
mega-punch Magby
mega-punch Miltank
mega-punch Blissey
mega-punch Tyranitar
mega-punch Treecko
mega-punch Grovyle
mega-punch Sceptile
mega-punch Torchic
mega-punch Combusken
mega-punch Blaziken
mega-punch Marshtomp
mega-punch Swampert
mega-punch Lombre
mega-punch Ludicolo
mega-punch Ralts
mega-punch Kirlia
mega-punch Gardevoir
mega-punch Whismur
mega-punch Loudred
mega-punch Exploud
mega-punch Sableye
mega-punch Mawile
mega-punch Aggron
mega-punch Flygon
mega-punch Dusclops
mega-punch Regirock
mega-punch Regice
mega-punch Registeel
mega-punch Groudon
mega-punch Jirachi
mega-punch Buneary
mega-punch Lopunny
mega-punch Munchlax
mega-punch Riolu
mega-punch Lucario
mega-punch Croagunk
mega-punch Toxicroak
mega-punch Snover
mega-punch Abomasnow
mega-punch Weavile
mega-punch Lickilicky
mega-punch Rhyperior
mega-punch Electivire
mega-punch Magmortar
mega-punch Togekiss
mega-punch Gallade
mega-punch Dusknoir
mega-punch Regigigas
mega-punch Victini
mega-punch Audino
mega-punch Timburr
mega-punch Gurdurr
mega-punch Conkeldurr
mega-punch Seismitoad
mega-punch Throh
mega-punch Sawk
mega-punch Krokorok
mega-punch Krookodile
mega-punch Darumaka
mega-punch Darumaka
mega-punch Darmanitan
mega-punch Darmanitan
mega-punch Scraggy
mega-punch Scrafty
mega-punch Zoroark
mega-punch Reuniclus
mega-punch Cubchoo
mega-punch Beartic
mega-punch Mienfoo
mega-punch Mienshao
mega-punch Druddigon
mega-punch Golett
mega-punch Golurk
mega-punch Diggersby
mega-punch Pancham
mega-punch Pangoro
mega-punch Heliolisk
mega-punch Hawlucha
mega-punch Goodra
mega-punch Incineroar
mega-punch Lycanroc
mega-punch Stufful
mega-punch Bewear
mega-punch Oranguru
mega-punch Passimian
mega-punch Turtonator
mega-punch Hakamo-o
mega-punch Kommo-o
mega-punch Tapu Bulu
mega-punch Buzzwole
mega-punch Guzzlord
mega-punch Marshadow
mega-punch Zeraora
mega-punch Melmetal
mega-punch Grookey
mega-punch Thwackey
mega-punch Rillaboom
mega-punch Coalossal
mega-punch Toxtricity
mega-punch Toxtricity
mega-punch Clobbopus
mega-punch Grapploct
mega-punch Impidimp
mega-punch Morgrem
mega-punch Grimmsnarl
mega-punch Obstagoon
mega-punch Mr. Rime
mega-punch Dracozolt
mega-punch Arctozolt
mega-punch Kubfu
mega-punch Urshifu
mega-punch Urshifu
mega-punch Zarude
megahorn Nidoking
megahorn Rapidash
megahorn Rapidash
megahorn Rhyhorn
megahorn Rhydon
megahorn Goldeen
megahorn Seaking
megahorn Heracross
megahorn Rhyperior
megahorn Scolipede
megahorn Bouffalant
megahorn Xerneas
megahorn Tapu Bulu
megahorn Falinks
megahorn Nidoking
megahorn Rapidash
megahorn Rapidash
megahorn Rhyhorn
megahorn Rhydon
megahorn Goldeen
megahorn Seaking
megahorn Tauros
megahorn Lapras
megahorn Mew
megahorn Heracross
megahorn Absol
megahorn Rhyperior
megahorn Scolipede
megahorn Karrablast
megahorn Escavalier
megahorn Bouffalant
megahorn Cobalion
megahorn Terrakion
megahorn Virizion
megahorn Keldeo
megahorn Xerneas
megahorn Tapu Bulu
megahorn Celesteela
megahorn Drednaw
megahorn Falinks
megahorn Glastrier
megahorn Calyrex
memento Koffing
memento Weezing
memento Weezing
memento Moltres
memento Latios
memento Shellos
memento Gastrodon
memento Stunky
memento Skuntank
memento Spiritomb
memento Uxie
memento Whimsicott
memento Litwick
memento Lampent
memento Chandelure
memento Pyukumuku
memento Sinistea
memento Polteageist
memento Vulpix
memento Ninetales
memento Diglett
memento Diglett
memento Dugtrio
memento Dugtrio
memento Delibird
memento Ralts
memento Kirlia
memento Gardevoir
memento Duskull
memento Dusclops
memento Drifloon
memento Drifblim
memento Gallade
memento Dusknoir
memento Cottonee
memento Whimsicott
memento Yamask
memento Yamask
memento Cofagrigus
memento Zorua
memento Zoroark
memento Runerigus
memento Pincurchin
metal-burst Sandslash
metal-burst Aron
metal-burst Lairon
metal-burst Aggron
metal-burst Dialga
metal-burst Escavalier
metal-burst Bisharp
metal-burst Cobalion
metal-burst Solgaleo
metal-burst Perrserker
metal-burst Duraludon
metal-burst Zamazenta
metal-burst Rhyhorn
metal-burst Rhydon
metal-burst Sableye
metal-burst Rhyperior
metal-burst Durant
metal-claw Sandshrew
metal-claw Sandslash
metal-claw Diglett
metal-claw Dugtrio
metal-claw Meowth
metal-claw Krabby
metal-claw Kingler
metal-claw Scizor
metal-claw Sneasel
metal-claw Skarmory
metal-claw Nincada
metal-claw Ninjask
metal-claw Shedinja
metal-claw Aron
metal-claw Lairon
metal-claw Aggron
metal-claw Anorith
metal-claw Armaldo
metal-claw Metang
metal-claw Metagross
metal-claw Registeel
metal-claw Riolu
metal-claw Lucario
metal-claw Weavile
metal-claw Dialga
metal-claw Heatran
metal-claw Drilbur
metal-claw Excadrill
metal-claw Garbodor
metal-claw Ferroseed
metal-claw Ferrothorn
metal-claw Stunfisk
metal-claw Druddigon
metal-claw Pawniard
metal-claw Bisharp
metal-claw Durant
metal-claw Cobalion
metal-claw Genesect
metal-claw Solgaleo
metal-claw Necrozma
metal-claw Perrserker
metal-claw Duraludon
metal-claw Zacian
metal-claw Zamazenta
metal-claw Charmander
metal-claw Charmeleon
metal-claw Charizard
metal-claw Sandshrew
metal-claw Sandslash
metal-claw Corphish
metal-claw Crawdaunt
metal-claw Gible
metal-claw Wimpod
metal-claw Golisopod
metal-sound Meowth
metal-sound Magnemite
metal-sound Magneton
metal-sound Kabuto
metal-sound Kabutops
metal-sound Skarmory
metal-sound Aron
metal-sound Lairon
metal-sound Aggron
metal-sound Bronzor
metal-sound Bronzong
metal-sound Lucario
metal-sound Magnezone
metal-sound Heatran
metal-sound Klink
metal-sound Klang
metal-sound Klinklang
metal-sound Stunfisk
metal-sound Pawniard
metal-sound Bisharp
metal-sound Durant
metal-sound Genesect
metal-sound Honedge
metal-sound Doublade
metal-sound Aegislash
metal-sound Aegislash
metal-sound Klefki
metal-sound Type: Null
metal-sound Silvally
metal-sound Dhelmise
metal-sound Solgaleo
metal-sound Celesteela
metal-sound Corviknight
metal-sound Perrserker
metal-sound Duraludon
metal-sound Diglett
metal-sound Dugtrio
metal-sound Drilbur
metal-sound Excadrill
metal-sound Toxel
metal-sound Toxtricity
metal-sound Toxtricity
meteor-assault Sirfetch'd
meteor-beam Clefairy
meteor-beam Clefable
meteor-beam Onix
meteor-beam Rhydon
meteor-beam Starmie
meteor-beam Omanyte
meteor-beam Omastar
meteor-beam Kabuto
meteor-beam Kabutops
meteor-beam Aerodactyl
meteor-beam Mew
meteor-beam Sudowoodo
meteor-beam Steelix
meteor-beam Shuckle
meteor-beam Corsola
meteor-beam Corsola
meteor-beam Aggron
meteor-beam Lunatone
meteor-beam Solrock
meteor-beam Lileep
meteor-beam Cradily
meteor-beam Anorith
meteor-beam Armaldo
meteor-beam Relicanth
meteor-beam Metang
meteor-beam Metagross
meteor-beam Regirock
meteor-beam Registeel
meteor-beam Rayquaza
meteor-beam Jirachi
meteor-beam Bronzong
meteor-beam Rhyperior
meteor-beam Roggenrola
meteor-beam Boldore
meteor-beam Gigalith
meteor-beam Crustle
meteor-beam Tirtouga
meteor-beam Carracosta
meteor-beam Archen
meteor-beam Archeops
meteor-beam Elgyem
meteor-beam Beheeyem
meteor-beam Barbaracle
meteor-beam Tyrunt
meteor-beam Tyrantrum
meteor-beam Amaura
meteor-beam Aurorus
meteor-beam Carbink
meteor-beam Diancie
meteor-beam Solgaleo
meteor-beam Lunala
meteor-beam Nihilego
meteor-beam Celesteela
meteor-beam Necrozma
meteor-beam Stakataka
meteor-beam Drednaw
meteor-beam Rolycoly
meteor-beam Carkol
meteor-beam Coalossal
meteor-beam Cursola
meteor-beam Stonjourner
meteor-beam Dracozolt
meteor-beam Arctozolt
meteor-beam Dracovish
meteor-beam Arctovish
meteor-beam Eternatus
meteor-mash Clefairy
meteor-mash Clefable
meteor-mash Metang
meteor-mash Metagross
meteor-mash Jirachi
meteor-mash Lucario
metronome Clefairy
metronome Clefable
metronome Snorlax
metronome Mew
metronome Togepi
metronome Togetic
metronome Munchlax
metronome Togekiss
metronome Clefairy
metronome Clefable
metronome Poliwhirl
metronome Poliwrath
metronome Abra
metronome Kadabra
metronome Alakazam
metronome Machop
metronome Machoke
metronome Machamp
metronome Gengar
metronome Hitmonlee
metronome Hitmonchan
metronome Chansey
metronome Mr. Mime
metronome Mr. Mime
metronome Jynx
metronome Snorlax
metronome Mewtwo
metronome Mew
metronome Cleffa
metronome Togepi
metronome Togetic
metronome Politoed
metronome Smoochum
metronome Miltank
metronome Blissey
metronome Celebi
metronome Ludicolo
metronome Sableye
metronome Dusclops
metronome Jirachi
metronome Happiny
metronome Munchlax
metronome Togekiss
metronome Dusknoir
metronome Uxie
metronome Mesprit
metronome Azelf
metronome Aromatisse
metronome Slurpuff
metronome Diancie
metronome Inteleon
metronome Sinistea
metronome Polteageist
metronome Impidimp
metronome Morgrem
metronome Grimmsnarl
metronome Mr. Rime
metronome Alcremie
metronome Indeedee
metronome Indeedee
metronome Calyrex
metronome Calyrex
metronome Calyrex
milk-drink Miltank
mimic Jigglypuff
mimic Wigglytuff
mimic Mr. Mime
mimic Mr. Mime
mimic Sudowoodo
mimic Bonsly
mimic Mime Jr.
mimic Mimikyu
mimic Mr. Rime
mind-blown Blacephalon
mind-reader Poliwrath
mind-reader Hitmonlee
mind-reader Articuno
mind-reader Articuno
mind-reader Nincada
mind-reader Ninjask
mind-reader Shedinja
mind-reader Magearna
mind-reader Poliwag
mind-reader Poliwhirl
mind-reader Poliwrath
mind-reader Hitmonlee
mind-reader Hitmonchan
mind-reader Politoed
mind-reader Tyrogue
mind-reader Hitmontop
mind-reader Riolu
mind-reader Lucario
mind-reader Shelmet
mind-reader Accelgor
minimize Clefairy
minimize Clefable
minimize Chansey
minimize Staryu
minimize Starmie
minimize Qwilfish
minimize Blissey
minimize Drifloon
minimize Drifblim
minimize Happiny
minimize Litwick
minimize Lampent
minimize Chandelure
minimize Silicobra
minimize Sandaconda
miracle-eye Kadabra
miracle-eye Alakazam
miracle-eye Mewtwo
miracle-eye Natu
miracle-eye Xatu
miracle-eye Metang
miracle-eye Metagross
miracle-eye Sigilyph
miracle-eye Elgyem
miracle-eye Beheeyem
miracle-eye Beheeyem
miracle-eye Meowstic
miracle-eye Jynx
miracle-eye Smoochum
miracle-eye Gothita
miracle-eye Gothorita
miracle-eye Gothitelle
mirror-coat Mr. Mime
mirror-coat Wobbuffet
mirror-coat Corsola
mirror-coat Corsola
mirror-coat Suicune
mirror-coat Wynaut
mirror-coat Lopunny
mirror-coat Magnezone
mirror-coat Glaceon
mirror-coat Vanillite
mirror-coat Vanillish
mirror-coat Vanilluxe
mirror-coat Dewpider
mirror-coat Araquanid
mirror-coat Nihilego
mirror-coat Orbeetle
mirror-coat Cursola
mirror-coat Mr. Rime
mirror-coat Squirtle
mirror-coat Wartortle
mirror-coat Blastoise
mirror-coat Tentacool
mirror-coat Tentacruel
mirror-coat Mantine
mirror-coat Mudkip
mirror-coat Lileep
mirror-coat Feebas
mirror-coat Milotic
mirror-coat Shellos
mirror-coat Gastrodon
mirror-coat Mantyke
mirror-coat Gothita
mirror-coat Gothorita
mirror-coat Gothitelle
mirror-coat Amaura
mirror-coat Bergmite
mirror-coat Avalugg
mirror-coat Pyukumuku
mirror-coat Snom
mirror-coat Frosmoth
mirror-coat Duraludon
mirror-move Pidgey
mirror-move Pidgeotto
mirror-move Pidgeot
mirror-move Spearow
mirror-move Fearow
mirror-move Torchic
mirror-move Combusken
mirror-move Swablu
mirror-move Chatot
mirror-move Sigilyph
mirror-move Vullaby
mirror-move Mandibuzz
mirror-move Mandibuzz
mirror-move Oricorio
mirror-move Tapu Koko
mirror-move Farfetch'd
mirror-move Doduo
mirror-move Dodrio
mirror-move Hoothoot
mirror-move Noctowl
mirror-move Togepi
mirror-move Togetic
mirror-move Murkrow
mirror-move Taillow
mirror-move Swellow
mirror-move Starly
mirror-move Staravia
mirror-move Staraptor
mirror-move Honchkrow
mirror-move Togekiss
mirror-move Ducklett
mirror-move Swanna
mirror-move Pikipek
mirror-move Trumbeak
mirror-move Toucannon
mirror-shot Magnemite
mirror-shot Magneton
mirror-shot Forretress
mirror-shot Wormadam
mirror-shot Magnezone
mirror-shot Vanillite
mirror-shot Vanillish
mirror-shot Vanilluxe
mirror-shot Ferroseed
mirror-shot Ferrothorn
mirror-shot Klink
mirror-shot Klang
mirror-shot Klinklang
mirror-shot Klefki
mirror-shot Necrozma
mirror-shot Magearna
mist Sandshrew
mist Sandslash
mist Vulpix
mist Ninetales
mist Lapras
mist Articuno
mist Mewtwo
mist Wooper
mist Quagsire
mist Swinub
mist Piloswine
mist Suicune
mist Lugia
mist Lotad
mist Lombre
mist Ludicolo
mist Wingull
mist Pelipper
mist Wailmer
mist Wailord
mist Swablu
mist Altaria
mist Snover
mist Abomasnow
mist Mamoswine
mist Cresselia
mist Vanillite
mist Vanillish
mist Vanilluxe
mist Cryogonal
mist Amaura
mist Aurorus
mist Volcanion
mist Tapu Fini
mist Frosmoth
mist Eiscue
mist Glastrier
mist Calyrex
mist Squirtle
mist Wartortle
mist Blastoise
mist Poliwag
mist Poliwhirl
mist Poliwrath
mist Dratini
mist Chinchou
mist Lanturn
mist Politoed
mist Corsola
mist Feebas
mist Milotic
mist Shellos
mist Gastrodon
mist Tympole
mist Palpitoad
mist Seismitoad
mist Frillish
mist Jellicent
mist Bergmite
mist Avalugg
mist Wishiwashi
mist Drampa
mist Sobble
mist Drizzile
mist Inteleon
mist-ball Latias
misty-explosion Clefairy
misty-explosion Clefable
misty-explosion Jigglypuff
misty-explosion Wigglytuff
misty-explosion Weezing
misty-explosion Mew
misty-explosion Marill
misty-explosion Azumarill
misty-explosion Gardevoir
misty-explosion Musharna
misty-explosion Spritzee
misty-explosion Aromatisse
misty-explosion Swirlix
misty-explosion Slurpuff
misty-explosion Sylveon
misty-explosion Carbink
misty-explosion Xerneas
misty-explosion Diancie
misty-explosion Primarina
misty-explosion Magearna
misty-explosion Hatterene
misty-explosion Alcremie
misty-terrain Weezing
misty-terrain Mr. Mime
misty-terrain Gardevoir
misty-terrain Audino
misty-terrain Meowstic
misty-terrain Spritzee
misty-terrain Aromatisse
misty-terrain Sylveon
misty-terrain Xerneas
misty-terrain Popplio
misty-terrain Brionne
misty-terrain Primarina
misty-terrain Tapu Fini
misty-terrain Mr. Rime
misty-terrain Milcery
misty-terrain Alcremie
misty-terrain Clefairy
misty-terrain Clefable
misty-terrain Ninetales
misty-terrain Jigglypuff
misty-terrain Wigglytuff
misty-terrain Rapidash
misty-terrain Weezing
misty-terrain Mr. Mime
misty-terrain Mr. Mime
misty-terrain Mew
misty-terrain Cleffa
misty-terrain Igglybuff
misty-terrain Marill
misty-terrain Azumarill
misty-terrain Ralts
misty-terrain Kirlia
misty-terrain Gardevoir
misty-terrain Mawile
misty-terrain Mime Jr.
misty-terrain Gallade
misty-terrain Audino
misty-terrain Cottonee
misty-terrain Whimsicott
misty-terrain Meowstic
misty-terrain Spritzee
misty-terrain Aromatisse
misty-terrain Sylveon
misty-terrain Klefki
misty-terrain Xerneas
misty-terrain Volcanion
misty-terrain Popplio
misty-terrain Brionne
misty-terrain Primarina
misty-terrain Tapu Fini
misty-terrain Mr. Rime
misty-terrain Milcery
misty-terrain Alcremie
moonblast Clefairy
moonblast Clefable
moonblast Oddish
moonblast Gloom
moonblast Vileplume
moonblast Hoothoot
moonblast Noctowl
moonblast Bellossom
moonblast Gardevoir
moonblast Swablu
moonblast Altaria
moonblast Lunatone
moonblast Cresselia
moonblast Munna
moonblast Musharna
moonblast Whimsicott
moonblast Spritzee
moonblast Aromatisse
moonblast Sylveon
moonblast Carbink
moonblast Gourgeist
moonblast Xerneas
moonblast Diancie
moonblast Popplio
moonblast Brionne
moonblast Primarina
moonblast Morelull
moonblast Shiinotic
moonblast Tapu Lele
moonblast Tapu Fini
moonblast Lunala
moonblast Zacian
moonblast Zamazenta
moonblast Vulpix
moonblast Ninetales
moonblast Cutiefly
moonblast Ribombee
moonblast Bulbasaur
moonblast Ivysaur
moonblast Venusaur
moonblast Oddish
moonblast Gloom
moonblast Vileplume
moonblast Tangela
moonblast Bellossom
moonblast Corsola
moonblast Corsola
moonblast Lotad
moonblast Lombre
moonblast Ludicolo
moonblast Seedot
moonblast Nuzleaf
moonblast Shiftry
moonblast Cherubi
moonblast Cherrim
moonblast Tangrowth
moonblast Cottonee
moonblast Whimsicott
moonblast Amaura
moonblast Aurorus
moonblast Xerneas
moonblast Grookey
moonblast Thwackey
moonblast Rillaboom
moonblast Cursola
moongeist-beam Lunala
moonlight Clefairy
moonlight Clefable
moonlight Oddish
moonlight Gloom
moonlight Vileplume
moonlight Bellossom
moonlight Umbreon
moonlight Lunatone
moonlight Cresselia
moonlight Munna
moonlight Musharna
moonlight Noivern
moonlight Morelull
moonlight Shiinotic
moonlight Lunala
moonlight Necrozma
moonlight Exeggcute
moonlight Exeggutor
moonlight Exeggutor
morning-sun Espeon
morning-sun Solrock
morning-sun Cherubi
morning-sun Cherrim
morning-sun Solgaleo
morning-sun Necrozma
morning-sun Growlithe
morning-sun Arcanine
morning-sun Ponyta
morning-sun Ponyta
morning-sun Rapidash
morning-sun Rapidash
morning-sun Togepi
morning-sun Togetic
morning-sun Togekiss
morning-sun Pidove
morning-sun Tranquill
morning-sun Unfezant
mountain-gale Avalugg
mud-bomb Ekans
mud-bomb Arbok
mud-bomb Diglett
mud-bomb Diglett
mud-bomb Dugtrio
mud-bomb Dugtrio
mud-bomb Poliwag
mud-bomb Poliwhirl
mud-bomb Grimer
mud-bomb Muk
mud-bomb Wooper
mud-bomb Quagsire
mud-bomb Swinub
mud-bomb Piloswine
mud-bomb Marshtomp
mud-bomb Swampert
mud-bomb Barboach
mud-bomb Whiscash
mud-bomb Shellos
mud-bomb Gastrodon
mud-bomb Croagunk
mud-bomb Toxicroak
mud-bomb Mamoswine
mud-bomb Stunfisk
mud-bomb Diglett
mud-bomb Dugtrio
mud-bomb Psyduck
mud-bomb Golduck
mud-bomb Chansey
mud-bomb Blissey
mud-bomb Mudkip
mud-bomb Marshtomp
mud-bomb Swampert
mud-bomb Skitty
mud-bomb Delcatty
mud-bomb Numel
mud-bomb Camerupt
mud-bomb Happiny
mud-bomb Tympole
mud-bomb Palpitoad
mud-bomb Seismitoad
mud-bomb Mudbray
mud-bomb Mudsdale
mud-bomb Bulbasaur
mud-bomb Ivysaur
mud-bomb Venusaur
mud-bomb Oddish
mud-bomb Gloom
mud-bomb Vileplume
mud-bomb Paras
mud-bomb Parasect
mud-bomb Bellsprout
mud-bomb Weepinbell
mud-bomb Victreebel
mud-bomb Geodude
mud-bomb Geodude
mud-bomb Graveler
mud-bomb Graveler
mud-bomb Golem
mud-bomb Golem
mud-bomb Onix
mud-bomb Exeggcute
mud-bomb Exeggutor
mud-bomb Exeggutor
mud-bomb Tangela
mud-bomb Kabutops
mud-bomb Mew
mud-bomb Chikorita
mud-bomb Bayleef
mud-bomb Meganium
mud-bomb Cyndaquil
mud-bomb Quilava
mud-bomb Typhlosion
mud-bomb Bellossom
mud-bomb Sudowoodo
mud-bomb Sunkern
mud-bomb Sunflora
mud-bomb Steelix
mud-bomb Slugma
mud-bomb Magcargo
mud-bomb Corsola
mud-bomb Celebi
mud-bomb Treecko
mud-bomb Grovyle
mud-bomb Sceptile
mud-bomb Lotad
mud-bomb Lombre
mud-bomb Ludicolo
mud-bomb Seedot
mud-bomb Nuzleaf
mud-bomb Shiftry
mud-bomb Roselia
mud-bomb Numel
mud-bomb Camerupt
mud-bomb Torkoal
mud-bomb Cacnea
mud-bomb Cacturne
mud-bomb Crawdaunt
mud-bomb Tropius
mud-bomb Turtwig
mud-bomb Grotle
mud-bomb Torterra
mud-bomb Budew
mud-bomb Roserade
mud-bomb Cherubi
mud-bomb Cherrim
mud-bomb Bonsly
mud-bomb Carnivine
mud-bomb Finneon
mud-bomb Lumineon
mud-bomb Tangrowth
mud-bomb Leafeon
mud-bomb Heatran
mud-bomb Regigigas
mud-bomb Shaymin
mud-bomb Shaymin
mud-bomb Snivy
mud-bomb Servine
mud-bomb Serperior
mud-bomb Pansage
mud-bomb Simisage
mud-bomb Roggenrola
mud-bomb Boldore
mud-bomb Gigalith
mud-bomb Sewaddle
mud-bomb Swadloon
mud-bomb Leavanny
mud-bomb Cottonee
mud-bomb Whimsicott
mud-bomb Petilil
mud-bomb Lilligant
mud-bomb Maractus
mud-bomb Dwebble
mud-bomb Crustle
mud-bomb Deerling
mud-bomb Sawsbuck
mud-bomb Foongus
mud-bomb Amoonguss
mud-bomb Ferroseed
mud-bomb Ferrothorn
mud-bomb Virizion
mud-bomb Chespin
mud-bomb Quilladin
mud-bomb Chesnaught
mud-bomb Bunnelby
mud-bomb Diggersby
mud-bomb Flabébé
mud-bomb Floette
mud-bomb Florges
mud-bomb Skiddo
mud-bomb Gogoat
mud-bomb Binacle
mud-bomb Barbaracle
mud-bomb Amaura
mud-bomb Aurorus
mud-bomb Carbink
mud-bomb Phantump
mud-bomb Trevenant
mud-bomb Pumpkaboo
mud-bomb Gourgeist
mud-bomb Xerneas
mud-bomb Diancie
mud-bomb Rowlet
mud-bomb Dartrix
mud-bomb Decidueye
mud-bomb Ribombee
mud-bomb Fomantis
mud-bomb Lurantis
mud-bomb Morelull
mud-bomb Shiinotic
mud-bomb Bounsweet
mud-bomb Steenee
mud-bomb Tsareena
mud-bomb Comfey
mud-bomb Oranguru
mud-bomb Drampa
mud-bomb Tapu Koko
mud-bomb Tapu Lele
mud-bomb Tapu Bulu
mud-bomb Tapu Fini
mud-bomb Xurkitree
mud-shot Poliwag
mud-shot Poliwhirl
mud-shot Poliwrath
mud-shot Krabby
mud-shot Kingler
mud-shot Omanyte
mud-shot Omastar
mud-shot Kabuto
mud-shot Kabutops
mud-shot Politoed
mud-shot Wooper
mud-shot Quagsire
mud-shot Marshtomp
mud-shot Swampert
mud-shot Groudon
mud-shot Tympole
mud-shot Palpitoad
mud-shot Seismitoad
mud-shot Stunfisk
mud-shot Stunfisk
mud-shot Bunnelby
mud-shot Diggersby
mud-shot Golisopod
mud-shot Sandshrew
mud-shot Sandslash
mud-shot Nidoqueen
mud-shot Nidoking
mud-shot Poliwag
mud-shot Poliwhirl
mud-shot Poliwrath
mud-shot Slowpoke
mud-shot Slowpoke
mud-shot Slowbro
mud-shot Slowbro
mud-shot Shellder
mud-shot Cloyster
mud-shot Krabby
mud-shot Kingler
mud-shot Rhyhorn
mud-shot Rhydon
mud-shot Goldeen
mud-shot Seaking
mud-shot Omanyte
mud-shot Omastar
mud-shot Kabuto
mud-shot Kabutops
mud-shot Mew
mud-shot Marill
mud-shot Azumarill
mud-shot Politoed
mud-shot Wooper
mud-shot Quagsire
mud-shot Slowking
mud-shot Slowking
mud-shot Shuckle
mud-shot Swinub
mud-shot Piloswine
mud-shot Remoraid
mud-shot Octillery
mud-shot Marshtomp
mud-shot Swampert
mud-shot Zigzagoon
mud-shot Zigzagoon
mud-shot Linoone
mud-shot Linoone
mud-shot Lombre
mud-shot Ludicolo
mud-shot Azurill
mud-shot Trapinch
mud-shot Vibrava
mud-shot Flygon
mud-shot Barboach
mud-shot Whiscash
mud-shot Corphish
mud-shot Crawdaunt
mud-shot Lileep
mud-shot Cradily
mud-shot Anorith
mud-shot Armaldo
mud-shot Feebas
mud-shot Milotic
mud-shot Relicanth
mud-shot Groudon
mud-shot Shellos
mud-shot Gastrodon
mud-shot Gible
mud-shot Gabite
mud-shot Garchomp
mud-shot Hippopotas
mud-shot Hippowdon
mud-shot Rhyperior
mud-shot Mamoswine
mud-shot Drilbur
mud-shot Excadrill
mud-shot Tympole
mud-shot Palpitoad
mud-shot Seismitoad
mud-shot Basculin
mud-shot Tirtouga
mud-shot Carracosta
mud-shot Shelmet
mud-shot Accelgor
mud-shot Stunfisk
mud-shot Stunfisk
mud-shot Bouffalant
mud-shot Landorus
mud-shot Landorus
mud-shot Bunnelby
mud-shot Diggersby
mud-shot Binacle
mud-shot Barbaracle
mud-shot Amaura
mud-shot Aurorus
mud-shot Goomy
mud-shot Sliggoo
mud-shot Goodra
mud-shot Volcanion
mud-shot Grubbin
mud-shot Charjabug
mud-shot Vikavolt
mud-shot Wishiwashi
mud-shot Mareanie
mud-shot Toxapex
mud-shot Mudsdale
mud-shot Wimpod
mud-shot Golisopod
mud-shot Sandygast
mud-shot Palossand
mud-shot Rillaboom
mud-shot Scorbunny
mud-shot Raboot
mud-shot Cinderace
mud-shot Sobble
mud-shot Drizzile
mud-shot Inteleon
mud-shot Skwovet
mud-shot Greedent
mud-shot Nickit
mud-shot Thievul
mud-shot Chewtle
mud-shot Drednaw
mud-shot Silicobra
mud-shot Sandaconda
mud-shot Clobbopus
mud-shot Grapploct
mud-shot Obstagoon
mud-shot Cufant
mud-shot Copperajah
mud-shot Zarude
mud-shot Glastrier
mud-shot Spectrier
mud-shot Calyrex
mud-shot Calyrex
mud-sport Geodude
mud-sport Graveler
mud-sport Graveler
mud-sport Golem
mud-sport Golem
mud-sport Onix
mud-sport Krabby
mud-sport Kingler
mud-sport Wooper
mud-sport Quagsire
mud-sport Quagsire
mud-sport Steelix
mud-sport Swinub
mud-sport Piloswine
mud-sport Piloswine
mud-sport Mudkip
mud-sport Zigzagoon
mud-sport Linoone
mud-sport Barboach
mud-sport Whiscash
mud-sport Whiscash
mud-sport Anorith
mud-sport Armaldo
mud-sport Armaldo
mud-sport Relicanth
mud-sport Relicanth
mud-sport Shellos
mud-sport Gastrodon
mud-sport Gastrodon
mud-sport Mamoswine
mud-sport Mamoswine
mud-sport Drilbur
mud-sport Excadrill
mud-sport Stunfisk
mud-sport Mudbray
mud-sport Mudsdale
mud-sport Mudsdale
mud-sport Pyukumuku
mud-sport Squirtle
mud-sport Wartortle
mud-sport Blastoise
mud-sport Slowpoke
mud-sport Slowbro
mud-sport Goldeen
mud-sport Seaking
mud-sport Totodile
mud-sport Croconaw
mud-sport Feraligatr
mud-sport Wooper
mud-sport Quagsire
mud-sport Slowking
mud-sport Mantine
mud-sport Stantler
mud-sport Treecko
mud-sport Grovyle
mud-sport Sceptile
mud-sport Corphish
mud-sport Crawdaunt
mud-sport Feebas
mud-sport Milotic
mud-sport Clamperl
mud-sport Huntail
mud-sport Gorebyss
mud-sport Luvdisc
mud-sport Piplup
mud-sport Prinplup
mud-sport Empoleon
mud-sport Bidoof
mud-sport Bibarel
mud-sport Buneary
mud-sport Lopunny
mud-sport Mantyke
mud-sport Panpour
mud-sport Simipour
mud-sport Tympole
mud-sport Palpitoad
mud-sport Seismitoad
mud-sport Trubbish
mud-sport Garbodor
mud-sport Ducklett
mud-sport Swanna
mud-sport Froakie
mud-sport Frogadier
mud-sport Greninja
mud-sport Hawlucha
mud-slap Diglett
mud-slap Diglett
mud-slap Dugtrio
mud-slap Dugtrio
mud-slap Cubone
mud-slap Marowak
mud-slap Marowak
mud-slap Dunsparce
mud-slap Swinub
mud-slap Piloswine
mud-slap Nincada
mud-slap Ninjask
mud-slap Shedinja
mud-slap Trapinch
mud-slap Vibrava
mud-slap Flygon
mud-slap Barboach
mud-slap Whiscash
mud-slap Baltoy
mud-slap Claydol
mud-slap Shellos
mud-slap Gastrodon
mud-slap Croagunk
mud-slap Toxicroak
mud-slap Mamoswine
mud-slap Roggenrola
mud-slap Boldore
mud-slap Gigalith
mud-slap Drilbur
mud-slap Excadrill
mud-slap Stunfisk
mud-slap Stunfisk
mud-slap Golett
mud-slap Golurk
mud-slap Bunnelby
mud-slap Diggersby
mud-slap Binacle
mud-slap Barbaracle
mud-slap Helioptile
mud-slap Heliolisk
mud-slap Grubbin
mud-slap Charjabug
mud-slap Vikavolt
mud-slap Mudbray
mud-slap Mudsdale
mud-slap Sandshrew
mud-slap Sandslash
mud-slap Goldeen
mud-slap Seaking
mud-slap Eevee
mud-slap Vaporeon
mud-slap Jolteon
mud-slap Flareon
mud-slap Espeon
mud-slap Umbreon
mud-slap Mudkip
mud-slap Aron
mud-slap Relicanth
mud-slap Leafeon
mud-slap Glaceon
mud-slap Lillipup
mud-slap Herdier
mud-slap Stoutland
mud-slap Tympole
mud-slap Palpitoad
mud-slap Seismitoad
mud-slap Bouffalant
mud-slap Sylveon
mud-slap Salandit
mud-slap Salazzle
mud-slap Rolycoly
mud-slap Carkol
mud-slap Coalossal
mud-slap Silicobra
mud-slap Sandaconda
muddy-water Vaporeon
muddy-water Wooper
muddy-water Quagsire
muddy-water Marshtomp
muddy-water Swampert
muddy-water Barboach
muddy-water Whiscash
muddy-water Kyogre
muddy-water Shellos
muddy-water Gastrodon
muddy-water Tympole
muddy-water Palpitoad
muddy-water Seismitoad
muddy-water Stunfisk
muddy-water Stunfisk
muddy-water Clauncher
muddy-water Clawitzer
muddy-water Goomy
muddy-water Sliggoo
muddy-water Goodra
muddy-water Tapu Fini
muddy-water Squirtle
muddy-water Wartortle
muddy-water Blastoise
muddy-water Golduck
muddy-water Poliwag
muddy-water Poliwhirl
muddy-water Poliwrath
muddy-water Tentacool
muddy-water Tentacruel
muddy-water Slowbro
muddy-water Slowbro
muddy-water Lickitung
muddy-water Horsea
muddy-water Seadra
muddy-water Goldeen
muddy-water Seaking
muddy-water Gyarados
muddy-water Vaporeon
muddy-water Omanyte
muddy-water Omastar
muddy-water Mew
muddy-water Marill
muddy-water Azumarill
muddy-water Politoed
muddy-water Wooper
muddy-water Quagsire
muddy-water Slowking
muddy-water Slowking
muddy-water Kingdra
muddy-water Larvitar
muddy-water Pupitar
muddy-water Tyranitar
muddy-water Marshtomp
muddy-water Swampert
muddy-water Lombre
muddy-water Ludicolo
muddy-water Azurill
muddy-water Barboach
muddy-water Whiscash
muddy-water Corphish
muddy-water Crawdaunt
muddy-water Feebas
muddy-water Milotic
muddy-water Relicanth
muddy-water Kyogre
muddy-water Shellos
muddy-water Gastrodon
muddy-water Hippopotas
muddy-water Hippowdon
muddy-water Lickilicky
muddy-water Tympole
muddy-water Palpitoad
muddy-water Seismitoad
muddy-water Basculin
muddy-water Tirtouga
muddy-water Carracosta
muddy-water Jellicent
muddy-water Stunfisk
muddy-water Stunfisk
muddy-water Keldeo
muddy-water Barbaracle
muddy-water Clauncher
muddy-water Clawitzer
muddy-water Goomy
muddy-water Sliggoo
muddy-water Goodra
muddy-water Wishiwashi
muddy-water Mareanie
muddy-water Toxapex
muddy-water Golisopod
muddy-water Dhelmise
muddy-water Tapu Fini
muddy-water Sobble
muddy-water Drizzile
muddy-water Inteleon
muddy-water Drednaw
muddy-water Clobbopus
muddy-water Grapploct
muddy-water Pincurchin
multi-attack Silvally
mystical-fire Blacephalon
mystical-fire Charizard
mystical-fire Clefairy
mystical-fire Clefable
mystical-fire Vulpix
mystical-fire Ninetales
mystical-fire Ponyta
mystical-fire Ponyta
mystical-fire Rapidash
mystical-fire Rapidash
mystical-fire Mr. Mime
mystical-fire Flareon
mystical-fire Moltres
mystical-fire Mew
mystical-fire Togepi
mystical-fire Togetic
mystical-fire Ho-oh
mystical-fire Gardevoir
mystical-fire Latias
mystical-fire Latios
mystical-fire Magmortar
mystical-fire Togekiss
mystical-fire Victini
mystical-fire Darmanitan
mystical-fire Litwick
mystical-fire Lampent
mystical-fire Chandelure
mystical-fire Volcarona
mystical-fire Reshiram
mystical-fire Sylveon
mystical-fire Pumpkaboo
mystical-fire Gourgeist
mystical-fire Diancie
mystical-fire Solgaleo
mystical-fire Blacephalon
mystical-fire Centiskorch
mystical-fire Hatenna
mystical-fire Hattrem
mystical-fire Hatterene
mystical-fire Alcremie
mystical-fire Indeedee
mystical-fire Indeedee
mystical-fire Eternatus
mystical-power Uxie
mystical-power Mesprit
mystical-power Azelf
nasty-plot Pikachu
nasty-plot Raichu
nasty-plot Raichu
nasty-plot Ninetales
nasty-plot Ninetales
nasty-plot Meowth
nasty-plot Meowth
nasty-plot Persian
nasty-plot Persian
nasty-plot Moltres
nasty-plot Mew
nasty-plot Pichu
nasty-plot Slowking
nasty-plot Slowking
nasty-plot Spiritomb
nasty-plot Riolu
nasty-plot Lucario
nasty-plot Croagunk
nasty-plot Toxicroak
nasty-plot Weavile
nasty-plot Porygon-Z
nasty-plot Azelf
nasty-plot Purrloin
nasty-plot Liepard
nasty-plot Zorua
nasty-plot Zoroark
nasty-plot Vullaby
nasty-plot Mandibuzz
nasty-plot Deino
nasty-plot Zweilous
nasty-plot Hydreigon
nasty-plot Rowlet
nasty-plot Dartrix
nasty-plot Decidueye
nasty-plot Salandit
nasty-plot Salazzle
nasty-plot Oranguru
nasty-plot Poipole
nasty-plot Naganadel
nasty-plot Nickit
nasty-plot Thievul
nasty-plot Sinistea
nasty-plot Polteageist
nasty-plot Impidimp
nasty-plot Morgrem
nasty-plot Grimmsnarl
nasty-plot Spectrier
nasty-plot Calyrex
nasty-plot Pikachu
nasty-plot Raichu
nasty-plot Raichu
nasty-plot Ninetales
nasty-plot Ninetales
nasty-plot Zubat
nasty-plot Golbat
nasty-plot Meowth
nasty-plot Meowth
nasty-plot Meowth
nasty-plot Persian
nasty-plot Persian
nasty-plot Alakazam
nasty-plot Slowbro
nasty-plot Slowbro
nasty-plot Gengar
nasty-plot Mr. Mime
nasty-plot Mr. Mime
nasty-plot Jynx
nasty-plot Moltres
nasty-plot Mewtwo
nasty-plot Mew
nasty-plot Hoothoot
nasty-plot Noctowl
nasty-plot Crobat
nasty-plot Pichu
nasty-plot Togepi
nasty-plot Togetic
nasty-plot Slowking
nasty-plot Slowking
nasty-plot Smoochum
nasty-plot Celebi
nasty-plot Seedot
nasty-plot Nuzleaf
nasty-plot Shiftry
nasty-plot Sableye
nasty-plot Lunatone
nasty-plot Crawdaunt
nasty-plot Claydol
nasty-plot Stunky
nasty-plot Skuntank
nasty-plot Mime Jr.
nasty-plot Spiritomb
nasty-plot Riolu
nasty-plot Lucario
nasty-plot Croagunk
nasty-plot Toxicroak
nasty-plot Weavile
nasty-plot Togekiss
nasty-plot Porygon-Z
nasty-plot Rotom
nasty-plot Rotom
nasty-plot Rotom
nasty-plot Rotom
nasty-plot Rotom
nasty-plot Rotom
nasty-plot Uxie
nasty-plot Mesprit
nasty-plot Azelf
nasty-plot Purrloin
nasty-plot Liepard
nasty-plot Woobat
nasty-plot Swoobat
nasty-plot Yamask
nasty-plot Yamask
nasty-plot Cofagrigus
nasty-plot Zorua
nasty-plot Zoroark
nasty-plot Gothita
nasty-plot Gothorita
nasty-plot Gothitelle
nasty-plot Elgyem
nasty-plot Beheeyem
nasty-plot Vullaby
nasty-plot Mandibuzz
nasty-plot Deino
nasty-plot Zweilous
nasty-plot Hydreigon
nasty-plot Tornadus
nasty-plot Tornadus
nasty-plot Thundurus
nasty-plot Thundurus
nasty-plot Espurr
nasty-plot Meowstic
nasty-plot Meowstic
nasty-plot Spritzee
nasty-plot Aromatisse
nasty-plot Inkay
nasty-plot Malamar
nasty-plot Gourgeist
nasty-plot Rowlet
nasty-plot Dartrix
nasty-plot Decidueye
nasty-plot Litten
nasty-plot Torracat
nasty-plot Incineroar
nasty-plot Salandit
nasty-plot Salazzle
nasty-plot Oranguru
nasty-plot Poipole
nasty-plot Naganadel
nasty-plot Rookidee
nasty-plot Corvisquire
nasty-plot Corviknight
nasty-plot Nickit
nasty-plot Thievul
nasty-plot Sinistea
nasty-plot Polteageist
nasty-plot Impidimp
nasty-plot Morgrem
nasty-plot Grimmsnarl
nasty-plot Perrserker
nasty-plot Mr. Rime
nasty-plot Runerigus
nasty-plot Morpeko
nasty-plot Zarude
nasty-plot Spectrier
nasty-plot Calyrex
natural-gift Oddish
natural-gift Gloom
natural-gift Exeggcute
natural-gift Tangela
natural-gift Chikorita
natural-gift Bayleef
natural-gift Meganium
natural-gift Sunkern
natural-gift Sunflora
natural-gift Pineco
natural-gift Forretress
natural-gift Phanpy
natural-gift Lugia
natural-gift Ho-oh
natural-gift Celebi
natural-gift Lotad
natural-gift Swablu
natural-gift Altaria
natural-gift Tropius
natural-gift Munchlax
natural-gift Tangrowth
natural-gift Uxie
natural-gift Uxie
natural-gift Mesprit
natural-gift Mesprit
natural-gift Azelf
natural-gift Azelf
natural-gift Shaymin
natural-gift Shaymin
natural-gift Arceus
natural-gift Pansage
natural-gift Pansear
natural-gift Panpour
natural-gift Fletchling
natural-gift Fletchinder
natural-gift Talonflame
natural-gift Comfey
natural-gift Drampa
natural-gift Paras
natural-gift Parasect
natural-gift Bellsprout
natural-gift Weepinbell
natural-gift Victreebel
natural-gift Doduo
natural-gift Dodrio
natural-gift Exeggcute
natural-gift Exeggutor
natural-gift Exeggutor
natural-gift Chansey
natural-gift Tangela
natural-gift Eevee
natural-gift Vaporeon
natural-gift Jolteon
natural-gift Flareon
natural-gift Snorlax
natural-gift Sentret
natural-gift Furret
natural-gift Sunkern
natural-gift Sunflora
natural-gift Espeon
natural-gift Umbreon
natural-gift Miltank
natural-gift Blissey
natural-gift Treecko
natural-gift Grovyle
natural-gift Sceptile
natural-gift Shroomish
natural-gift Breloom
natural-gift Roselia
natural-gift Tropius
natural-gift Budew
natural-gift Roserade
natural-gift Cherubi
natural-gift Cherrim
natural-gift Happiny
natural-gift Munchlax
natural-gift Snover
natural-gift Abomasnow
natural-gift Tangrowth
natural-gift Leafeon
natural-gift Glaceon
natural-gift Snivy
natural-gift Servine
natural-gift Serperior
natural-gift Cottonee
natural-gift Whimsicott
natural-gift Petilil
natural-gift Lilligant
natural-gift Vanillite
natural-gift Vanillish
natural-gift Vanilluxe
natural-gift Deerling
natural-gift Sawsbuck
natural-gift Sylveon
natural-gift Dedenne
natural-gift Bulbasaur
natural-gift Ivysaur
natural-gift Venusaur
natural-gift Charmander
natural-gift Charmeleon
natural-gift Charizard
natural-gift Squirtle
natural-gift Wartortle
natural-gift Blastoise
natural-gift Butterfree
natural-gift Beedrill
natural-gift Pidgey
natural-gift Pidgeotto
natural-gift Pidgeot
natural-gift Rattata
natural-gift Raticate
natural-gift Spearow
natural-gift Fearow
natural-gift Ekans
natural-gift Arbok
natural-gift Pikachu
natural-gift Raichu
natural-gift Sandshrew
natural-gift Sandslash
natural-gift Nidoran♀
natural-gift Nidorina
natural-gift Nidoqueen
natural-gift Nidoran♂
natural-gift Nidorino
natural-gift Nidoking
natural-gift Clefairy
natural-gift Clefable
natural-gift Vulpix
natural-gift Ninetales
natural-gift Jigglypuff
natural-gift Wigglytuff
natural-gift Zubat
natural-gift Golbat
natural-gift Venonat
natural-gift Venomoth
natural-gift Diglett
natural-gift Dugtrio
natural-gift Meowth
natural-gift Persian
natural-gift Psyduck
natural-gift Golduck
natural-gift Mankey
natural-gift Primeape
natural-gift Growlithe
natural-gift Arcanine
natural-gift Poliwag
natural-gift Poliwhirl
natural-gift Poliwrath
natural-gift Abra
natural-gift Kadabra
natural-gift Alakazam
natural-gift Machop
natural-gift Machoke
natural-gift Machamp
natural-gift Tentacool
natural-gift Tentacruel
natural-gift Geodude
natural-gift Graveler
natural-gift Golem
natural-gift Ponyta
natural-gift Rapidash
natural-gift Slowpoke
natural-gift Slowbro
natural-gift Magnemite
natural-gift Magneton
natural-gift Farfetch'd
natural-gift Seel
natural-gift Dewgong
natural-gift Grimer
natural-gift Muk
natural-gift Shellder
natural-gift Cloyster
natural-gift Gastly
natural-gift Haunter
natural-gift Gengar
natural-gift Onix
natural-gift Drowzee
natural-gift Hypno
natural-gift Krabby
natural-gift Kingler
natural-gift Voltorb
natural-gift Electrode
natural-gift Cubone
natural-gift Marowak
natural-gift Hitmonlee
natural-gift Hitmonchan
natural-gift Lickitung
natural-gift Koffing
natural-gift Weezing
natural-gift Rhyhorn
natural-gift Rhydon
natural-gift Kangaskhan
natural-gift Horsea
natural-gift Seadra
natural-gift Goldeen
natural-gift Seaking
natural-gift Staryu
natural-gift Starmie
natural-gift Mr. Mime
natural-gift Scyther
natural-gift Jynx
natural-gift Electabuzz
natural-gift Magmar
natural-gift Pinsir
natural-gift Tauros
natural-gift Gyarados
natural-gift Lapras
natural-gift Porygon
natural-gift Omanyte
natural-gift Omastar
natural-gift Kabuto
natural-gift Kabutops
natural-gift Aerodactyl
natural-gift Articuno
natural-gift Zapdos
natural-gift Moltres
natural-gift Dratini
natural-gift Dragonair
natural-gift Dragonite
natural-gift Mewtwo
natural-gift Mew
natural-gift Cyndaquil
natural-gift Quilava
natural-gift Typhlosion
natural-gift Totodile
natural-gift Croconaw
natural-gift Feraligatr
natural-gift Hoothoot
natural-gift Noctowl
natural-gift Ledyba
natural-gift Ledian
natural-gift Spinarak
natural-gift Ariados
natural-gift Crobat
natural-gift Chinchou
natural-gift Lanturn
natural-gift Pichu
natural-gift Cleffa
natural-gift Igglybuff
natural-gift Togepi
natural-gift Togetic
natural-gift Natu
natural-gift Xatu
natural-gift Mareep
natural-gift Flaaffy
natural-gift Ampharos
natural-gift Marill
natural-gift Azumarill
natural-gift Sudowoodo
natural-gift Politoed
natural-gift Hoppip
natural-gift Skiploom
natural-gift Jumpluff
natural-gift Aipom
natural-gift Yanma
natural-gift Wooper
natural-gift Quagsire
natural-gift Murkrow
natural-gift Slowking
natural-gift Misdreavus
natural-gift Girafarig
natural-gift Dunsparce
natural-gift Gligar
natural-gift Steelix
natural-gift Snubbull
natural-gift Granbull
natural-gift Qwilfish
natural-gift Scizor
natural-gift Shuckle
natural-gift Heracross
natural-gift Sneasel
natural-gift Teddiursa
natural-gift Ursaring
natural-gift Slugma
natural-gift Magcargo
natural-gift Swinub
natural-gift Piloswine
natural-gift Corsola
natural-gift Remoraid
natural-gift Octillery
natural-gift Delibird
natural-gift Mantine
natural-gift Skarmory
natural-gift Houndour
natural-gift Houndoom
natural-gift Kingdra
natural-gift Porygon2
natural-gift Stantler
natural-gift Tyrogue
natural-gift Hitmontop
natural-gift Smoochum
natural-gift Elekid
natural-gift Magby
natural-gift Raikou
natural-gift Entei
natural-gift Suicune
natural-gift Larvitar
natural-gift Pupitar
natural-gift Tyranitar
natural-gift Torchic
natural-gift Combusken
natural-gift Blaziken
natural-gift Mudkip
natural-gift Marshtomp
natural-gift Swampert
natural-gift Poochyena
natural-gift Mightyena
natural-gift Zigzagoon
natural-gift Linoone
natural-gift Beautifly
natural-gift Dustox
natural-gift Seedot
natural-gift Nuzleaf
natural-gift Shiftry
natural-gift Taillow
natural-gift Swellow
natural-gift Wingull
natural-gift Pelipper
natural-gift Ralts
natural-gift Kirlia
natural-gift Gardevoir
natural-gift Surskit
natural-gift Masquerain
natural-gift Slakoth
natural-gift Vigoroth
natural-gift Slaking
natural-gift Nincada
natural-gift Ninjask
natural-gift Shedinja
natural-gift Whismur
natural-gift Loudred
natural-gift Exploud
natural-gift Makuhita
natural-gift Hariyama
natural-gift Azurill
natural-gift Nosepass
natural-gift Skitty
natural-gift Delcatty
natural-gift Sableye
natural-gift Mawile
natural-gift Aron
natural-gift Lairon
natural-gift Aggron
natural-gift Meditite
natural-gift Medicham
natural-gift Electrike
natural-gift Manectric
natural-gift Plusle
natural-gift Minun
natural-gift Volbeat
natural-gift Illumise
natural-gift Gulpin
natural-gift Swalot
natural-gift Carvanha
natural-gift Sharpedo
natural-gift Wailmer
natural-gift Wailord
natural-gift Numel
natural-gift Camerupt
natural-gift Torkoal
natural-gift Spoink
natural-gift Grumpig
natural-gift Spinda
natural-gift Trapinch
natural-gift Vibrava
natural-gift Flygon
natural-gift Cacnea
natural-gift Cacturne
natural-gift Zangoose
natural-gift Seviper
natural-gift Lunatone
natural-gift Solrock
natural-gift Barboach
natural-gift Whiscash
natural-gift Corphish
natural-gift Crawdaunt
natural-gift Baltoy
natural-gift Claydol
natural-gift Lileep
natural-gift Cradily
natural-gift Anorith
natural-gift Armaldo
natural-gift Feebas
natural-gift Milotic
natural-gift Castform
natural-gift Kecleon
natural-gift Shuppet
natural-gift Banette
natural-gift Duskull
natural-gift Dusclops
natural-gift Chimecho
natural-gift Absol
natural-gift Snorunt
natural-gift Glalie
natural-gift Spheal
natural-gift Sealeo
natural-gift Walrein
natural-gift Clamperl
natural-gift Huntail
natural-gift Gorebyss
natural-gift Relicanth
natural-gift Luvdisc
natural-gift Bagon
natural-gift Shelgon
natural-gift Salamence
natural-gift Metang
natural-gift Metagross
natural-gift Regirock
natural-gift Regice
natural-gift Registeel
natural-gift Latias
natural-gift Latios
natural-gift Kyogre
natural-gift Groudon
natural-gift Rayquaza
natural-gift Jirachi
natural-gift Deoxys
natural-gift Deoxys
natural-gift Deoxys
natural-gift Deoxys
natural-gift Turtwig
natural-gift Grotle
natural-gift Torterra
natural-gift Chimchar
natural-gift Monferno
natural-gift Infernape
natural-gift Piplup
natural-gift Prinplup
natural-gift Empoleon
natural-gift Starly
natural-gift Staravia
natural-gift Staraptor
natural-gift Bidoof
natural-gift Bibarel
natural-gift Kricketune
natural-gift Shinx
natural-gift Luxio
natural-gift Luxray
natural-gift Cranidos
natural-gift Rampardos
natural-gift Shieldon
natural-gift Bastiodon
natural-gift Wormadam
natural-gift Wormadam
natural-gift Wormadam
natural-gift Mothim
natural-gift Vespiquen
natural-gift Pachirisu
natural-gift Buizel
natural-gift Floatzel
natural-gift Shellos
natural-gift Gastrodon
natural-gift Ambipom
natural-gift Drifloon
natural-gift Drifblim
natural-gift Buneary
natural-gift Lopunny
natural-gift Mismagius
natural-gift Honchkrow
natural-gift Glameow
natural-gift Purugly
natural-gift Chingling
natural-gift Stunky
natural-gift Skuntank
natural-gift Bronzor
natural-gift Bronzong
natural-gift Bonsly
natural-gift Mime Jr.
natural-gift Chatot
natural-gift Spiritomb
natural-gift Gible
natural-gift Gabite
natural-gift Garchomp
natural-gift Riolu
natural-gift Lucario
natural-gift Hippopotas
natural-gift Hippowdon
natural-gift Skorupi
natural-gift Drapion
natural-gift Croagunk
natural-gift Toxicroak
natural-gift Carnivine
natural-gift Finneon
natural-gift Lumineon
natural-gift Mantyke
natural-gift Weavile
natural-gift Magnezone
natural-gift Lickilicky
natural-gift Rhyperior
natural-gift Electivire
natural-gift Magmortar
natural-gift Togekiss
natural-gift Yanmega
natural-gift Gliscor
natural-gift Mamoswine
natural-gift Porygon-Z
natural-gift Gallade
natural-gift Probopass
natural-gift Dusknoir
natural-gift Froslass
natural-gift Rotom
natural-gift Rotom
natural-gift Rotom
natural-gift Rotom
natural-gift Rotom
natural-gift Rotom
natural-gift Dialga
natural-gift Palkia
natural-gift Heatran
natural-gift Regigigas
natural-gift Giratina
natural-gift Giratina
natural-gift Cresselia
natural-gift Phione
natural-gift Manaphy
natural-gift Darkrai
nature-power Lotad
nature-power Lombre
nature-power Ludicolo
nature-power Seedot
nature-power Nuzleaf
nature-power Shiftry
nature-power Amaura
nature-power Aurorus
nature-power Xerneas
nature-power Bulbasaur
nature-power Ivysaur
nature-power Venusaur
nature-power Oddish
nature-power Gloom
nature-power Vileplume
nature-power Tangela
nature-power Bellossom
nature-power Corsola
nature-power Corsola
nature-power Cherubi
nature-power Cherrim
nature-power Tangrowth
nature-power Cottonee
nature-power Whimsicott
nature-power Grookey
nature-power Thwackey
nature-power Rillaboom
nature-power Cursola
natures-madness Tapu Koko
natures-madness Tapu Lele
natures-madness Tapu Bulu
natures-madness Tapu Fini
needle-arm Cacnea
needle-arm Cacturne
needle-arm Maractus
needle-arm Quilladin
needle-arm Chesnaught
night-daze Zorua
night-daze Zoroark
night-daze Lunala
night-shade Gastly
night-shade Haunter
night-shade Gengar
night-shade Natu
night-shade Xatu
night-shade Corsola
night-shade Sableye
night-shade Duskull
night-shade Dusclops
night-shade Spiritomb
night-shade Dusknoir
night-shade Yamask
night-shade Yamask
night-shade Cofagrigus
night-shade Frillish
night-shade Jellicent
night-shade Litwick
night-shade Lampent
night-shade Chandelure
night-shade Golett
night-shade Golurk
night-shade Lunala
night-shade Blacephalon
night-shade Cursola
night-shade Runerigus
night-shade Hoothoot
night-shade Noctowl
night-slash Dugtrio
night-slash Dugtrio
night-slash Meowth
night-slash Persian
night-slash Kabutops
night-slash Linoone
night-slash Sharpedo
night-slash Corphish
night-slash Crawdaunt
night-slash Absol
night-slash Stunky
night-slash Skuntank
night-slash Skorupi
night-slash Drapion
night-slash Weavile
night-slash Gallade
night-slash Purrloin
night-slash Liepard
night-slash Zoroark
night-slash Cryogonal
night-slash Pawniard
night-slash Bisharp
night-slash Pangoro
night-slash Honedge
night-slash Doublade
night-slash Aegislash
night-slash Aegislash
night-slash Inkay
night-slash Malamar
night-slash Xerneas
night-slash Lurantis
night-slash Kartana
night-slash Necrozma
night-slash Nickit
night-slash Thievul
night-slash Obstagoon
night-slash Sandshrew
night-slash Sandshrew
night-slash Sandslash
night-slash Sandslash
night-slash Meowth
night-slash Farfetch'd
night-slash Farfetch'd
night-slash Krabby
night-slash Kingler
night-slash Scyther
night-slash Scizor
night-slash Heracross
night-slash Skarmory
night-slash Treecko
night-slash Torchic
night-slash Seedot
night-slash Nuzleaf
night-slash Shiftry
night-slash Nincada
night-slash Ninjask
night-slash Shedinja
night-slash Shinx
night-slash Luxio
night-slash Luxray
night-slash Pidove
night-slash Tranquill
night-slash Unfezant
night-slash Dwebble
night-slash Crustle
night-slash Karrablast
night-slash Escavalier
night-slash Axew
night-slash Fraxure
night-slash Haxorus
night-slash Cubchoo
night-slash Beartic
night-slash Druddigon
night-slash Heatmor
night-slash Binacle
night-slash Barbaracle
night-slash Arrokuda
night-slash Barraskewda
night-slash Perrserker
night-slash Sirfetch'd
night-slash Duraludon
nightmare Gastly
nightmare Haunter
nightmare Gengar
nightmare Hypno
nightmare Darkrai
nightmare Munna
nightmare Spiritomb
nightmare Yamask
nightmare Cofagrigus
nightmare Mimikyu
nightmare Butterfree
nightmare Clefairy
nightmare Clefable
nightmare Jigglypuff
nightmare Wigglytuff
nightmare Meowth
nightmare Persian
nightmare Abra
nightmare Kadabra
nightmare Alakazam
nightmare Slowpoke
nightmare Slowbro
nightmare Drowzee
nightmare Exeggcute
nightmare Exeggutor
nightmare Lickitung
nightmare Starmie
nightmare Mr. Mime
nightmare Jynx
nightmare Lapras
nightmare Porygon
nightmare Mewtwo
nightmare Mew
nightmare Hoothoot
nightmare Noctowl
nightmare Cleffa
nightmare Igglybuff
nightmare Natu
nightmare Xatu
nightmare Aipom
nightmare Espeon
nightmare Umbreon
nightmare Murkrow
nightmare Slowking
nightmare Misdreavus
nightmare Girafarig
nightmare Dunsparce
nightmare Sneasel
nightmare Houndour
nightmare Houndoom
nightmare Porygon2
nightmare Stantler
nightmare Smoochum
nightmare Tyranitar
nightmare Lugia
nightmare Ho-oh
nightmare Celebi
no-retreat Falinks
noble-roar Wailord
noble-roar Reshiram
noble-roar Zekrom
noble-roar Kyurem
noble-roar Kyurem
noble-roar Kyurem
noble-roar Jangmo-o
noble-roar Hakamo-o
noble-roar Kommo-o
noble-roar Solgaleo
noble-roar Rillaboom
noble-roar Toxtricity
noble-roar Toxtricity
nuzzle Pikachu
nuzzle Raichu
nuzzle Raichu
nuzzle Pichu
nuzzle Emolga
nuzzle Dedenne
nuzzle Togedemaru
nuzzle Yamper
nuzzle Boltund
nuzzle Toxel
nuzzle Toxtricity
nuzzle Toxtricity
nuzzle Hatenna
nuzzle Hattrem
nuzzle Hatterene
oblivion-wing Yveltal
obstruct Obstagoon
octazooka Octillery
octazooka Grapploct
octazooka Horsea
octazooka Seadra
octazooka Remoraid
octazooka Octillery
octazooka Kingdra
octolock Grapploct
odor-sleuth Growlithe
odor-sleuth Arcanine
odor-sleuth Girafarig
odor-sleuth Swinub
odor-sleuth Piloswine
odor-sleuth Houndour
odor-sleuth Houndoom
odor-sleuth Phanpy
odor-sleuth Poochyena
odor-sleuth Mightyena
odor-sleuth Zigzagoon
odor-sleuth Linoone
odor-sleuth Electrike
odor-sleuth Manectric
odor-sleuth Spoink
odor-sleuth Grumpig
odor-sleuth Grumpig
odor-sleuth Munchlax
odor-sleuth Mamoswine
odor-sleuth Tepig
odor-sleuth Pignite
odor-sleuth Pignite
odor-sleuth Emboar
odor-sleuth Emboar
odor-sleuth Lillipup
odor-sleuth Herdier
odor-sleuth Herdier
odor-sleuth Stoutland
odor-sleuth Stoutland
odor-sleuth Woobat
odor-sleuth Swoobat
odor-sleuth Swoobat
odor-sleuth Heatmor
odor-sleuth Bunnelby
odor-sleuth Diggersby
odor-sleuth Furfrou
odor-sleuth Spritzee
odor-sleuth Aromatisse
odor-sleuth Aromatisse
odor-sleuth Yungoos
odor-sleuth Gumshoos
odor-sleuth Rockruff
odor-sleuth Rockruff
odor-sleuth Lycanroc
odor-sleuth Lycanroc
odor-sleuth Lycanroc
odor-sleuth Meowth
odor-sleuth Persian
odor-sleuth Mareep
odor-sleuth Flaaffy
odor-sleuth Ampharos
odor-sleuth Bidoof
odor-sleuth Bibarel
odor-sleuth Buizel
odor-sleuth Floatzel
odor-sleuth Deerling
odor-sleuth Sawsbuck
ominous-wind Natu
ominous-wind Xatu
ominous-wind Masquerain
ominous-wind Drifloon
ominous-wind Drifblim
ominous-wind Spiritomb
ominous-wind Froslass
ominous-wind Rotom
ominous-wind Rotom
ominous-wind Rotom
ominous-wind Rotom
ominous-wind Rotom
ominous-wind Rotom
ominous-wind Giratina
ominous-wind Giratina
ominous-wind Darkrai
ominous-wind Yamask
ominous-wind Cofagrigus
ominous-wind Frillish
ominous-wind Jellicent
ominous-wind Rowlet
ominous-wind Dartrix
ominous-wind Decidueye
ominous-wind Misdreavus
ominous-wind Castform
ominous-wind Shuppet
ominous-wind Banette
ominous-wind Duskull
ominous-wind Dusclops
ominous-wind Mismagius
ominous-wind Dusknoir
ominous-wind Rowlet
ominous-wind Dartrix
ominous-wind Decidueye
ominous-wind Charizard
ominous-wind Butterfree
ominous-wind Beedrill
ominous-wind Pidgey
ominous-wind Pidgeotto
ominous-wind Pidgeot
ominous-wind Spearow
ominous-wind Fearow
ominous-wind Vulpix
ominous-wind Ninetales
ominous-wind Zubat
ominous-wind Golbat
ominous-wind Venomoth
ominous-wind Farfetch'd
ominous-wind Gastly
ominous-wind Haunter
ominous-wind Gengar
ominous-wind Scyther
ominous-wind Aerodactyl
ominous-wind Articuno
ominous-wind Zapdos
ominous-wind Moltres
ominous-wind Dragonite
ominous-wind Mew
ominous-wind Hoothoot
ominous-wind Noctowl
ominous-wind Ledyba
ominous-wind Ledian
ominous-wind Crobat
ominous-wind Togetic
ominous-wind Yanma
ominous-wind Murkrow
ominous-wind Scizor
ominous-wind Skarmory
ominous-wind Suicune
ominous-wind Lugia
ominous-wind Ho-oh
ominous-wind Beautifly
ominous-wind Dustox
ominous-wind Shiftry
ominous-wind Taillow
ominous-wind Swellow
ominous-wind Wingull
ominous-wind Pelipper
ominous-wind Ninjask
ominous-wind Sableye
ominous-wind Volbeat
ominous-wind Illumise
ominous-wind Vibrava
ominous-wind Flygon
ominous-wind Swablu
ominous-wind Altaria
ominous-wind Tropius
ominous-wind Salamence
ominous-wind Starly
ominous-wind Staravia
ominous-wind Staraptor
ominous-wind Mothim
ominous-wind Combee
ominous-wind Vespiquen
ominous-wind Honchkrow
ominous-wind Chatot
ominous-wind Finneon
ominous-wind Lumineon
ominous-wind Togekiss
ominous-wind Yanmega
ominous-wind Shaymin
ominous-wind Arceus
origin-pulse Kyogre
outrage Kangaskhan
outrage Dratini
outrage Dragonair
outrage Dragonite
outrage Bagon
outrage Shelgon
outrage Salamence
outrage Rayquaza
outrage Krookodile
outrage Axew
outrage Fraxure
outrage Haxorus
outrage Druddigon
outrage Deino
outrage Zweilous
outrage Hydreigon
outrage Reshiram
outrage Zekrom
outrage Landorus
outrage Landorus
outrage Kyurem
outrage Kyurem
outrage Kyurem
outrage Dragalge
outrage Xerneas
outrage Zygarde
outrage Drampa
outrage Jangmo-o
outrage Hakamo-o
outrage Kommo-o
outrage Venusaur
outrage Charmander
outrage Charmeleon
outrage Charizard
outrage Blastoise
outrage Nidoqueen
outrage Nidoking
outrage Growlithe
outrage Arcanine
outrage Exeggutor
outrage Marowak
outrage Marowak
outrage Rhydon
outrage Kangaskhan
outrage Horsea
outrage Seadra
outrage Tauros
outrage Gyarados
outrage Lapras
outrage Snorlax
outrage Dratini
outrage Dragonair
outrage Dragonite
outrage Mew
outrage Kingdra
outrage Larvitar
outrage Pupitar
outrage Tyranitar
outrage Sceptile
outrage Swampert
outrage Exploud
outrage Aggron
outrage Vibrava
outrage Flygon
outrage Swablu
outrage Altaria
outrage Bagon
outrage Shelgon
outrage Salamence
outrage Latias
outrage Latios
outrage Rayquaza
outrage Gible
outrage Gabite
outrage Garchomp
outrage Abomasnow
outrage Rhyperior
outrage Dialga
outrage Palkia
outrage Giratina
outrage Giratina
outrage Krookodile
outrage Scrafty
outrage Archeops
outrage Axew
outrage Fraxure
outrage Haxorus
outrage Druddigon
outrage Bouffalant
outrage Deino
outrage Zweilous
outrage Hydreigon
outrage Reshiram
outrage Zekrom
outrage Landorus
outrage Landorus
outrage Kyurem
outrage Kyurem
outrage Kyurem
outrage Pangoro
outrage Skrelp
outrage Dragalge
outrage Tyrunt
outrage Tyrantrum
outrage Amaura
outrage Aurorus
outrage Goomy
outrage Sliggoo
outrage Goodra
outrage Noibat
outrage Noivern
outrage Xerneas
outrage Zygarde
outrage Litten
outrage Torracat
outrage Incineroar
outrage Lycanroc
outrage Lycanroc
outrage Silvally
outrage Turtonator
outrage Drampa
outrage Jangmo-o
outrage Hakamo-o
outrage Kommo-o
outrage Solgaleo
outrage Buzzwole
outrage Pheromosa
outrage Guzzlord
outrage Necrozma
outrage Marshadow
outrage Naganadel
outrage Zeraora
outrage Flapple
outrage Appletun
outrage Sandaconda
outrage Morpeko
outrage Copperajah
outrage Dracozolt
outrage Dracovish
outrage Duraludon
outrage Drakloak
outrage Dragapult
outrage Regidrago
outrage Glastrier
outrage Calyrex
overdrive Toxtricity
overdrive Toxtricity
overheat Victini
overheat Litwick
overheat Lampent
overheat Chandelure
overheat Volcanion
overheat Turtonator
overheat Charmander
overheat Charmeleon
overheat Charizard
overheat Vulpix
overheat Ninetales
overheat Growlithe
overheat Arcanine
overheat Ponyta
overheat Rapidash
overheat Weezing
overheat Magmar
overheat Flareon
overheat Moltres
overheat Mew
overheat Magby
overheat Entei
overheat Ho-oh
overheat Torchic
overheat Combusken
overheat Blaziken
overheat Loudred
overheat Exploud
overheat Manectric
overheat Torkoal
overheat Solrock
overheat Groudon
overheat Rayquaza
overheat Magmortar
overheat Dialga
overheat Heatran
overheat Victini
overheat Darumaka
overheat Darumaka
overheat Darmanitan
overheat Darmanitan
overheat Litwick
overheat Lampent
overheat Chandelure
overheat Heatmor
overheat Larvesta
overheat Volcarona
overheat Reshiram
overheat Fletchling
overheat Fletchinder
overheat Talonflame
overheat Volcanion
overheat Litten
overheat Torracat
overheat Incineroar
overheat Salandit
overheat Salazzle
overheat Turtonator
overheat Blacephalon
overheat Scorbunny
overheat Raboot
overheat Cinderace
overheat Carkol
overheat Coalossal
overheat Centiskorch
pain-split Giratina
pain-split Giratina
pain-split Trubbish
pain-split Garbodor
pain-split Solosis
pain-split Duosion
pain-split Reuniclus
pain-split Litwick
pain-split Lampent
pain-split Chandelure
pain-split Pumpkaboo
pain-split Gourgeist
pain-split Stufful
pain-split Bewear
pain-split Pyukumuku
pain-split Mimikyu
pain-split Magearna
pain-split Koffing
pain-split Weezing
pain-split Weezing
pain-split Duskull
pain-split Dusclops
pain-split Spiritomb
pain-split Dusknoir
pain-split Frillish
pain-split Jellicent
pain-split Stunfisk
pain-split Stunfisk
pain-split Clobbopus
pain-split Grapploct
parabolic-charge Helioptile
parabolic-charge Heliolisk
parabolic-charge Dedenne
parting-shot Pancham
parting-shot Pangoro
parting-shot Silvally
parting-shot Thievul
parting-shot Meowth
parting-shot Persian
parting-shot Zigzagoon
parting-shot Linoone
parting-shot Litten
parting-shot Torracat
parting-shot Incineroar
parting-shot Obstagoon
parting-shot Morpeko
pay-day Meowth
pay-day Meowth
pay-day Meowth
pay-day Persian
pay-day Persian
pay-day Perrserker
pay-day Pikachu
pay-day Raichu
pay-day Raichu
pay-day Nidoqueen
pay-day Nidoking
pay-day Meowth
pay-day Meowth
pay-day Meowth
pay-day Persian
pay-day Persian
pay-day Psyduck
pay-day Golduck
pay-day Rapidash
pay-day Rapidash
pay-day Slowpoke
pay-day Slowpoke
pay-day Slowbro
pay-day Slowbro
pay-day Rhydon
pay-day Eevee
pay-day Vaporeon
pay-day Jolteon
pay-day Flareon
pay-day Snorlax
pay-day Mewtwo
pay-day Mew
pay-day Espeon
pay-day Umbreon
pay-day Slowking
pay-day Slowking
pay-day Munchlax
pay-day Rhyperior
pay-day Leafeon
pay-day Glaceon
pay-day Purrloin
pay-day Liepard
pay-day Espurr
pay-day Meowstic
pay-day Meowstic
pay-day Sylveon
pay-day Litten
pay-day Torracat
pay-day Incineroar
pay-day Zeraora
pay-day Perrserker
pay-day Indeedee
pay-day Indeedee
pay-day Calyrex
pay-day Calyrex
pay-day Calyrex
payback Gastly
payback Haunter
payback Gengar
payback Tauros
payback Moltres
payback Larvitar
payback Pupitar
payback Tyranitar
payback Seedot
payback Nuzleaf
payback Shiftry
payback Duskull
payback Dusclops
payback Drifloon
payback Drifblim
payback Bronzor
payback Bronzong
payback Spiritomb
payback Dusknoir
payback Regigigas
payback Scraggy
payback Scrafty
payback Inkay
payback Malamar
payback Stufful
payback Bewear
payback Vulpix
payback Vulpix
payback Ninetales
payback Ninetales
payback Zubat
payback Golbat
payback Meowth
payback Meowth
payback Meowth
payback Persian
payback Persian
payback Poliwrath
payback Machop
payback Machoke
payback Machamp
payback Tentacool
payback Tentacruel
payback Shellder
payback Cloyster
payback Gastly
payback Haunter
payback Gengar
payback Onix
payback Koffing
payback Weezing
payback Weezing
payback Rhyhorn
payback Rhydon
payback Mr. Mime
payback Mr. Mime
payback Jynx
payback Tauros
payback Gyarados
payback Aerodactyl
payback Zapdos
payback Moltres
payback Mew
payback Crobat
payback Politoed
payback Umbreon
payback Steelix
payback Qwilfish
payback Sneasel
payback Octillery
payback Skarmory
payback Smoochum
payback Larvitar
payback Pupitar
payback Tyranitar
payback Zigzagoon
payback Linoone
payback Seedot
payback Nuzleaf
payback Shiftry
payback Pelipper
payback Sableye
payback Mawile
payback Aggron
payback Carvanha
payback Sharpedo
payback Corphish
payback Crawdaunt
payback Duskull
payback Dusclops
payback Absol
payback Glalie
payback Drifloon
payback Drifblim
payback Buneary
payback Lopunny
payback Stunky
payback Skuntank
payback Bronzor
payback Bronzong
payback Spiritomb
payback Riolu
payback Lucario
payback Skorupi
payback Drapion
payback Croagunk
payback Toxicroak
payback Weavile
payback Rhyperior
payback Tangrowth
payback Dusknoir
payback Froslass
payback Azelf
payback Heatran
payback Regigigas
payback Giratina
payback Giratina
payback Lillipup
payback Herdier
payback Stoutland
payback Purrloin
payback Liepard
payback Timburr
payback Gurdurr
payback Conkeldurr
payback Seismitoad
payback Throh
payback Sawk
payback Venipede
payback Whirlipede
payback Scolipede
payback Sandile
payback Krokorok
payback Krookodile
payback Darmanitan
payback Darmanitan
payback Scraggy
payback Scrafty
payback Yamask
payback Yamask
payback Cofagrigus
payback Trubbish
payback Garbodor
payback Zorua
payback Zoroark
payback Gothita
payback Gothorita
payback Gothitelle
payback Foongus
payback Amoonguss
payback Ferroseed
payback Ferrothorn
payback Litwick
payback Lampent
payback Chandelure
payback Axew
payback Fraxure
payback Haxorus
payback Stunfisk
payback Stunfisk
payback Mienfoo
payback Mienshao
payback Druddigon
payback Pawniard
payback Bisharp
payback Bouffalant
payback Vullaby
payback Mandibuzz
payback Hydreigon
payback Tornadus
payback Tornadus
payback Thundurus
payback Thundurus
payback Reshiram
payback Zekrom
payback Landorus
payback Landorus
payback Kyurem
payback Kyurem
payback Kyurem
payback Bunnelby
payback Diggersby
payback Pancham
payback Pangoro
payback Espurr
payback Meowstic
payback Meowstic
payback Inkay
payback Malamar
payback Binacle
payback Barbaracle
payback Hawlucha
payback Yveltal
payback Zygarde
payback Lycanroc
payback Mareanie
payback Toxapex
payback Mudbray
payback Mudsdale
payback Fomantis
payback Lurantis
payback Salandit
payback Salazzle
payback Stufful
payback Bewear
payback Steenee
payback Tsareena
payback Oranguru
payback Passimian
payback Golisopod
payback Type: Null
payback Silvally
payback Turtonator
payback Togedemaru
payback Mimikyu
payback Dhelmise
payback Jangmo-o
payback Hakamo-o
payback Kommo-o
payback Tapu Bulu
payback Buzzwole
payback Guzzlord
payback Marshadow
payback Blacephalon
payback Skwovet
payback Greedent
payback Rookidee
payback Corvisquire
payback Corviknight
payback Dottler
payback Orbeetle
payback Wooloo
payback Dubwool
payback Chewtle
payback Drednaw
payback Appletun
payback Toxtricity
payback Toxtricity
payback Clobbopus
payback Grapploct
payback Sinistea
payback Polteageist
payback Obstagoon
payback Perrserker
payback Mr. Rime
payback Runerigus
payback Falinks
payback Pincurchin
payback Morpeko
payback Copperajah
payback Arctozolt
payback Zamazenta
payback Eternatus
payback Urshifu
payback Zarude
payback Glastrier
payback Spectrier
payback Calyrex
payback Calyrex
peck Nidoran♂
peck Nidorino
peck Nidoking
peck Farfetch'd
peck Farfetch'd
peck Goldeen
peck Seaking
peck Zapdos
peck Zapdos
peck Hoothoot
peck Noctowl
peck Natu
peck Xatu
peck Skarmory
peck Swablu
peck Altaria
peck Maractus
peck Karrablast
peck Escavalier
peck Rufflet
peck Braviary
peck Fletchling
peck Fletchinder
peck Talonflame
peck Inkay
peck Malamar
peck Rowlet
peck Dartrix
peck Decidueye
peck Mareanie
peck Toxapex
peck Poipole
peck Naganadel
peck Rookidee
peck Corvisquire
peck Corviknight
peck Cramorant
peck Arrokuda
peck Barraskewda
peck Sirfetch'd
peck Pincurchin
peck Togepi
peck Togetic
peck Torchic
peck Togekiss
perish-song Gengar
perish-song Jynx
perish-song Lapras
perish-song Politoed
perish-song Smoochum
perish-song Celebi
perish-song Swablu
perish-song Altaria
perish-song Absol
perish-song Cursola
perish-song Jigglypuff
perish-song Wigglytuff
perish-song Gastly
perish-song Haunter
perish-song Gengar
perish-song Cubone
perish-song Marowak
perish-song Marowak
perish-song Igglybuff
perish-song Marill
perish-song Azumarill
perish-song Azurill
perish-song Popplio
perish-song Brionne
perish-song Primarina
petal-blizzard Venusaur
petal-blizzard Vileplume
petal-blizzard Bellossom
petal-blizzard Roselia
petal-blizzard Roserade
petal-blizzard Cherubi
petal-blizzard Cherrim
petal-blizzard Lilligant
petal-blizzard Maractus
petal-blizzard Lurantis
petal-blizzard Comfey
petal-dance Venusaur
petal-dance Oddish
petal-dance Gloom
petal-dance Vileplume
petal-dance Bellossom
petal-dance Roselia
petal-dance Roserade
petal-dance Cherrim
petal-dance Lilligant
petal-dance Maractus
petal-dance Comfey
petal-dance Bulbasaur
petal-dance Ivysaur
petal-dance Venusaur
phantom-force Shedinja
phantom-force Drifblim
phantom-force Golett
phantom-force Golurk
phantom-force Phantump
phantom-force Trevenant
phantom-force Gourgeist
phantom-force Yveltal
phantom-force Decidueye
phantom-force Dhelmise
phantom-force Lunala
phantom-force Drakloak
phantom-force Dragapult
phantom-force Gengar
phantom-force Mew
phantom-force Shedinja
phantom-force Drifblim
phantom-force Spiritomb
phantom-force Giratina
phantom-force Giratina
phantom-force Cofagrigus
phantom-force Golett
phantom-force Golurk
phantom-force Phantump
phantom-force Trevenant
phantom-force Gourgeist
phantom-force Yveltal
phantom-force Decidueye
phantom-force Mimikyu
phantom-force Dhelmise
phantom-force Lunala
phantom-force Marshadow
phantom-force Sinistea
phantom-force Polteageist
phantom-force Runerigus
phantom-force Drakloak
phantom-force Dragapult
phantom-force Spectrier
phantom-force Calyrex
photon-geyser Necrozma
pika-papow Pikachu
pin-missile Jolteon
pin-missile Qwilfish
pin-missile Heracross
pin-missile Zigzagoon
pin-missile Zigzagoon
pin-missile Linoone
pin-missile Linoone
pin-missile Skorupi
pin-missile Drapion
pin-missile Maractus
pin-missile Ferroseed
pin-missile Ferrothorn
pin-missile Mareanie
pin-missile Toxapex
pin-missile Golisopod
pin-missile Togedemaru
pin-missile Obstagoon
pin-missile Sandslash
pin-missile Sandslash
pin-missile Cloyster
pin-missile Jolteon
pin-missile Omastar
pin-missile Mew
pin-missile Qwilfish
pin-missile Heracross
pin-missile Zigzagoon
pin-missile Zigzagoon
pin-missile Linoone
pin-missile Linoone
pin-missile Roselia
pin-missile Budew
pin-missile Roserade
pin-missile Vespiquen
pin-missile Skorupi
pin-missile Drapion
pin-missile Venipede
pin-missile Whirlipede
pin-missile Scolipede
pin-missile Maractus
pin-missile Joltik
pin-missile Galvantula
pin-missile Ferroseed
pin-missile Ferrothorn
pin-missile Mareanie
pin-missile Toxapex
pin-missile Golisopod
pin-missile Togedemaru
pin-missile Poipole
pin-missile Naganadel
pin-missile Obstagoon
pin-missile Cursola
pin-missile Pincurchin
plasma-fists Zeraora
play-nice Pikachu
play-nice Raichu
play-nice Raichu
play-nice Pichu
play-nice Audino
play-nice Gothita
play-nice Gothorita
play-nice Gothitelle
play-nice Cubchoo
play-nice Beartic
play-nice Swirlix
play-nice Slurpuff
play-nice Bounsweet
play-nice Steenee
play-nice Tsareena
play-nice Drampa
play-nice Hatenna
play-nice Hattrem
play-nice Hatterene
play-nice Indeedee
play-nice Indeedee
play-rough Jigglypuff
play-rough Wigglytuff
play-rough Meowth
play-rough Meowth
play-rough Persian
play-rough Persian
play-rough Growlithe
play-rough Arcanine
play-rough Marill
play-rough Azumarill
play-rough Miltank
play-rough Mawile
play-rough Lillipup
play-rough Herdier
play-rough Stoutland
play-rough Purrloin
play-rough Liepard
play-rough Swirlix
play-rough Slurpuff
play-rough Dedenne
play-rough Klefki
play-rough Comfey
play-rough Mimikyu
play-rough Yamper
play-rough Boltund
play-rough Impidimp
play-rough Morgrem
play-rough Grimmsnarl
play-rough Cufant
play-rough Copperajah
play-rough Pikachu
play-rough Raichu
play-rough Raichu
play-rough Clefairy
play-rough Clefable
play-rough Jigglypuff
play-rough Wigglytuff
play-rough Meowth
play-rough Meowth
play-rough Meowth
play-rough Persian
play-rough Persian
play-rough Growlithe
play-rough Arcanine
play-rough Ponyta
play-rough Ponyta
play-rough Rapidash
play-rough Rapidash
play-rough Weezing
play-rough Mew
play-rough Pichu
play-rough Cleffa
play-rough Igglybuff
play-rough Togepi
play-rough Togetic
play-rough Bellossom
play-rough Marill
play-rough Azumarill
play-rough Miltank
play-rough Linoone
play-rough Mawile
play-rough Swablu
play-rough Altaria
play-rough Absol
play-rough Jirachi
play-rough Shinx
play-rough Luxio
play-rough Luxray
play-rough Cherrim
play-rough Buneary
play-rough Lopunny
play-rough Stunky
play-rough Skuntank
play-rough Togekiss
play-rough Uxie
play-rough Mesprit
play-rough Azelf
play-rough Lillipup
play-rough Herdier
play-rough Stoutland
play-rough Purrloin
play-rough Liepard
play-rough Whimsicott
play-rough Minccino
play-rough Cinccino
play-rough Cubchoo
play-rough Beartic
play-rough Espurr
play-rough Meowstic
play-rough Meowstic
play-rough Swirlix
play-rough Slurpuff
play-rough Skrelp
play-rough Dragalge
play-rough Tyrunt
play-rough Tyrantrum
play-rough Sylveon
play-rough Dedenne
play-rough Klefki
play-rough Xerneas
play-rough Diancie
play-rough Popplio
play-rough Brionne
play-rough Primarina
play-rough Cutiefly
play-rough Ribombee
play-rough Rockruff
play-rough Lycanroc
play-rough Lycanroc
play-rough Lycanroc
play-rough Bounsweet
play-rough Steenee
play-rough Tsareena
play-rough Comfey
play-rough Mimikyu
play-rough Drampa
play-rough Tapu Lele
play-rough Tapu Fini
play-rough Zeraora
play-rough Nickit
play-rough Thievul
play-rough Yamper
play-rough Boltund
play-rough Hatenna
play-rough Hattrem
play-rough Hatterene
play-rough Impidimp
play-rough Morgrem
play-rough Grimmsnarl
play-rough Perrserker
play-rough Alcremie
play-rough Frosmoth
play-rough Indeedee
play-rough Indeedee
play-rough Cufant
play-rough Copperajah
play-rough Zacian
play-rough Zamazenta
pluck Zapdos
pluck Zapdos
pluck Altaria
pluck Archen
pluck Archeops
pluck Vullaby
pluck Mandibuzz
pluck Inkay
pluck Malamar
pluck Rowlet
pluck Dartrix
pluck Decidueye
pluck Rookidee
pluck Corvisquire
pluck Corviknight
pluck Cramorant
pluck Dracozolt
pluck Arctozolt
poison-fang Zubat
poison-fang Golbat
poison-fang Crobat
poison-fang Carvanha
poison-fang Sharpedo
poison-fang Skorupi
poison-fang Drapion
poison-fang Salandit
poison-fang Salazzle
poison-fang Silvally
poison-fang Nidoran♀
poison-fang Tyrunt
poison-gas Koffing
poison-gas Weezing
poison-gas Weezing
poison-gas Stunky
poison-gas Skuntank
poison-gas Trubbish
poison-gas Garbodor
poison-gas Salandit
poison-gas Salazzle
poison-jab Nidoran♂
poison-jab Nidorino
poison-jab Nidoking
poison-jab Tentacool
poison-jab Tentacruel
poison-jab Rapidash
poison-jab Qwilfish
poison-jab Croagunk
poison-jab Toxicroak
poison-jab Mareanie
poison-jab Toxapex
poison-jab Poipole
poison-jab Naganadel
poison-jab Toxtricity
poison-jab Toxtricity
poison-jab Pincurchin
poison-jab Sandshrew
poison-jab Sandshrew
poison-jab Sandslash
poison-jab Sandslash
poison-jab Nidoran♀
poison-jab Nidorina
poison-jab Nidoqueen
poison-jab Nidoran♂
poison-jab Nidorino
poison-jab Nidoking
poison-jab Poliwrath
poison-jab Machop
poison-jab Machoke
poison-jab Machamp
poison-jab Tentacool
poison-jab Tentacruel
poison-jab Rapidash
poison-jab Slowbro
poison-jab Farfetch'd
poison-jab Farfetch'd
poison-jab Cloyster
poison-jab Gastly
poison-jab Haunter
poison-jab Gengar
poison-jab Hitmonlee
poison-jab Rhyhorn
poison-jab Rhydon
poison-jab Goldeen
poison-jab Seaking
poison-jab Mewtwo
poison-jab Mew
poison-jab Dunsparce
poison-jab Qwilfish
poison-jab Sneasel
poison-jab Combusken
poison-jab Blaziken
poison-jab Sableye
poison-jab Roselia
poison-jab Sharpedo
poison-jab Roserade
poison-jab Skuntank
poison-jab Garchomp
poison-jab Riolu
poison-jab Lucario
poison-jab Skorupi
poison-jab Drapion
poison-jab Croagunk
poison-jab Toxicroak
poison-jab Weavile
poison-jab Rhyperior
poison-jab Tangrowth
poison-jab Gallade
poison-jab Drilbur
poison-jab Excadrill
poison-jab Timburr
poison-jab Gurdurr
poison-jab Conkeldurr
poison-jab Seismitoad
poison-jab Throh
poison-jab Sawk
poison-jab Venipede
poison-jab Whirlipede
poison-jab Scolipede
poison-jab Maractus
poison-jab Dwebble
poison-jab Crustle
poison-jab Scraggy
poison-jab Scrafty
poison-jab Karrablast
poison-jab Escavalier
poison-jab Joltik
poison-jab Galvantula
poison-jab Ferroseed
poison-jab Ferrothorn
poison-jab Axew
poison-jab Fraxure
poison-jab Haxorus
poison-jab Cryogonal
poison-jab Mienfoo
poison-jab Mienshao
poison-jab Pawniard
poison-jab Bisharp
poison-jab Bouffalant
poison-jab Volcarona
poison-jab Cobalion
poison-jab Terrakion
poison-jab Keldeo
poison-jab Pangoro
poison-jab Binacle
poison-jab Barbaracle
poison-jab Hawlucha
poison-jab Phantump
poison-jab Trevenant
poison-jab Grubbin
poison-jab Charjabug
poison-jab Vikavolt
poison-jab Mareanie
poison-jab Toxapex
poison-jab Dewpider
poison-jab Araquanid
poison-jab Fomantis
poison-jab Lurantis
poison-jab Salandit
poison-jab Salazzle
poison-jab Golisopod
poison-jab Togedemaru
poison-jab Kommo-o
poison-jab Nihilego
poison-jab Buzzwole
poison-jab Pheromosa
poison-jab Guzzlord
poison-jab Marshadow
poison-jab Poipole
poison-jab Naganadel
poison-jab Drednaw
poison-jab Arrokuda
poison-jab Barraskewda
poison-jab Toxtricity
poison-jab Toxtricity
poison-jab Sirfetch'd
poison-jab Falinks
poison-jab Pincurchin
poison-jab Eternatus
poison-jab Urshifu
poison-jab Urshifu
poison-powder Bulbasaur
poison-powder Ivysaur
poison-powder Venusaur
poison-powder Butterfree
poison-powder Oddish
poison-powder Gloom
poison-powder Vileplume
poison-powder Tangela
poison-powder Bellossom
poison-powder Tangrowth
poison-powder Cottonee
poison-powder Whimsicott
poison-powder Exeggcute
poison-powder Exeggutor
poison-powder Exeggutor
poison-powder Foongus
poison-powder Amoonguss
poison-powder Morelull
poison-powder Shiinotic
poison-powder Gossifleur
poison-powder Eldegoss
poison-sting Sandshrew
poison-sting Sandslash
poison-sting Nidoran♀
poison-sting Nidorina
poison-sting Nidoqueen
poison-sting Nidoran♂
poison-sting Nidorino
poison-sting Nidoking
poison-sting Tentacool
poison-sting Tentacruel
poison-sting Qwilfish
poison-sting Roselia
poison-sting Roserade
poison-sting Vespiquen
poison-sting Skorupi
poison-sting Drapion
poison-sting Croagunk
poison-sting Toxicroak
poison-sting Venipede
poison-sting Whirlipede
poison-sting Scolipede
poison-sting Frillish
poison-sting Jellicent
poison-sting Mareanie
poison-sting Toxapex
poison-sting Joltik
poison-sting Galvantula
poison-tail Venipede
poison-tail Whirlipede
poison-tail Scolipede
poison-tail Skrelp
poison-tail Dragalge
poison-tail Goodra
poison-tail Eternatus
poison-tail Nidoran♀
poison-tail Nidoran♂
poison-tail Druddigon
poison-tail Silicobra
poison-tail Sandaconda
pollen-puff Ribombee
pollen-puff Butterfree
pollen-puff Vileplume
pollen-puff Mew
pollen-puff Celebi
pollen-puff Cherubi
pollen-puff Cherrim
pollen-puff Petilil
pollen-puff Lilligant
pollen-puff Foongus
pollen-puff Amoonguss
pollen-puff Ribombee
pollen-puff Morelull
pollen-puff Shiinotic
pollen-puff Comfey
pollen-puff Gossifleur
pollen-puff Eldegoss
pollen-puff Calyrex
pollen-puff Calyrex
pollen-puff Calyrex
poltergeist Gastly
poltergeist Haunter
poltergeist Gengar
poltergeist Marowak
poltergeist Mew
poltergeist Shedinja
poltergeist Sableye
poltergeist Duskull
poltergeist Dusclops
poltergeist Spiritomb
poltergeist Dusknoir
poltergeist Froslass
poltergeist Rotom
poltergeist Rotom
poltergeist Rotom
poltergeist Rotom
poltergeist Rotom
poltergeist Rotom
poltergeist Giratina
poltergeist Giratina
poltergeist Yamask
poltergeist Yamask
poltergeist Cofagrigus
poltergeist Frillish
poltergeist Jellicent
poltergeist Litwick
poltergeist Lampent
poltergeist Chandelure
poltergeist Golett
poltergeist Golurk
poltergeist Phantump
poltergeist Trevenant
poltergeist Pumpkaboo
poltergeist Gourgeist
poltergeist Decidueye
poltergeist Sandygast
poltergeist Palossand
poltergeist Dhelmise
poltergeist Lunala
poltergeist Marshadow
poltergeist Sinistea
poltergeist Polteageist
poltergeist Cursola
poltergeist Runerigus
pound Clefairy
pound Clefable
pound Jigglypuff
pound Wigglytuff
pound Poliwag
pound Poliwhirl
pound Poliwrath
pound Chansey
pound Kangaskhan
pound Mr. Mime
pound Mr. Mime
pound Jynx
pound Mew
pound Cleffa
pound Igglybuff
pound Togepi
pound Togetic
pound Politoed
pound Smoochum
pound Blissey
pound Treecko
pound Grovyle
pound Sceptile
pound Whismur
pound Loudred
pound Exploud
pound Buneary
pound Lopunny
pound Mime Jr.
pound Happiny
pound Togekiss
pound Regigigas
pound Audino
pound Timburr
pound Gurdurr
pound Conkeldurr
pound Trubbish
pound Garbodor
pound Minccino
pound Cinccino
pound Gothita
pound Gothorita
pound Gothitelle
pound Mienfoo
pound Mienshao
pound Golett
pound Golurk
pound Helioptile
pound Heliolisk
pound Popplio
pound Brionne
pound Primarina
pound Salazzle
pound Nihilego
pound Sobble
pound Drizzile
pound Inteleon
pound Mr. Rime
pound Calyrex
pound Calyrex
pound Calyrex
powder Vivillon
powder Vivillon
powder Cutiefly
powder Ribombee
powder-snow Sandshrew
powder-snow Sandslash
powder-snow Vulpix
powder-snow Ninetales
powder-snow Jynx
powder-snow Articuno
powder-snow Swinub
powder-snow Piloswine
powder-snow Smoochum
powder-snow Snorunt
powder-snow Glalie
powder-snow Spheal
powder-snow Sealeo
powder-snow Walrein
powder-snow Snover
powder-snow Abomasnow
powder-snow Mamoswine
powder-snow Froslass
powder-snow Darumaka
powder-snow Darmanitan
powder-snow Cubchoo
powder-snow Beartic
powder-snow Amaura
powder-snow Aurorus
powder-snow Bergmite
powder-snow Avalugg
powder-snow Snom
powder-snow Frosmoth
powder-snow Eiscue
powder-snow Arctozolt
powder-snow Arctovish
power-gem Persian
power-gem Persian
power-gem Staryu
power-gem Starmie
power-gem Slowking
power-gem Slowking
power-gem Corsola
power-gem Corsola
power-gem Sableye
power-gem Vespiquen
power-gem Dialga
power-gem Palkia
power-gem Boldore
power-gem Gigalith
power-gem Carbink
power-gem Diancie
power-gem Nihilego
power-gem Necrozma
power-gem Cursola
power-gem Persian
power-gem Persian
power-gem Staryu
power-gem Starmie
power-gem Mew
power-gem Slowking
power-gem Slowking
power-gem Corsola
power-gem Corsola
power-gem Sableye
power-gem Lunatone
power-gem Vespiquen
power-gem Dialga
power-gem Palkia
power-gem Boldore
power-gem Gigalith
power-gem Klink
power-gem Klang
power-gem Klinklang
power-gem Carbink
power-gem Diancie
power-gem Nihilego
power-gem Necrozma
power-gem Cursola
power-gem Bulbasaur
power-gem Ivysaur
power-gem Venusaur
power-gem Oddish
power-gem Gloom
power-gem Vileplume
power-gem Tangela
power-gem Bellossom
power-gem Corsola
power-gem Corsola
power-gem Lotad
power-gem Lombre
power-gem Ludicolo
power-gem Seedot
power-gem Nuzleaf
power-gem Shiftry
power-gem Cherubi
power-gem Cherrim
power-gem Tangrowth
power-gem Cottonee
power-gem Whimsicott
power-gem Amaura
power-gem Aurorus
power-gem Xerneas
power-gem Grookey
power-gem Thwackey
power-gem Rillaboom
power-gem Cursola
power-shift Gengar
power-shift Onix
power-shift Mr. Mime
power-shift Flareon
power-shift Umbreon
power-shift Steelix
power-shift Mantine
power-shift Blissey
power-shift Nosepass
power-shift Dusclops
power-shift Rampardos
power-shift Bastiodon
power-shift Vespiquen
power-shift Drifblim
power-shift Chatot
power-shift Gliscor
power-shift Porygon-Z
power-shift Probopass
power-shift Dusknoir
power-shift Uxie
power-shift Azelf
power-shift Regigigas
power-shift Cresselia
power-shift Braviary
power-shift Thundurus
power-shift Thundurus
power-shift Avalugg
power-shift Sneasler
power-shift Enamorus
power-shift Enamorus
power-split Shuckle
power-split Baltoy
power-split Claydol
power-split Latios
power-split Yamask
power-split Yamask
power-split Cofagrigus
power-split Elgyem
power-split Beheeyem
power-split Nihilego
power-split Runerigus
power-split Indeedee
power-split Mr. Mime
power-split Mr. Mime
power-split Mime Jr.
power-split Litwick
power-split Lampent
power-split Chandelure
power-split Dewpider
power-split Araquanid
power-split Mr. Rime
power-swap Mr. Mime
power-swap Mewtwo
power-swap Natu
power-swap Xatu
power-swap Espeon
power-swap Accelgor
power-swap Tapu Koko
power-swap Vulpix
power-swap Vulpix
power-swap Ninetales
power-swap Ninetales
power-swap Abra
power-swap Kadabra
power-swap Alakazam
power-swap Exeggcute
power-swap Exeggutor
power-swap Exeggutor
power-swap Tangela
power-swap Mr. Mime
power-swap Mr. Mime
power-swap Magmar
power-swap Porygon
power-swap Articuno
power-swap Mewtwo
power-swap Mew
power-swap Natu
power-swap Xatu
power-swap Espeon
power-swap Porygon2
power-swap Magby
power-swap Seedot
power-swap Nuzleaf
power-swap Shiftry
power-swap Gardevoir
power-swap Swablu
power-swap Altaria
power-swap Lunatone
power-swap Solrock
power-swap Baltoy
power-swap Claydol
power-swap Bronzor
power-swap Bronzong
power-swap Tangrowth
power-swap Magmortar
power-swap Porygon-Z
power-swap Cresselia
power-swap Victini
power-swap Munna
power-swap Musharna
power-swap Darmanitan
power-swap Sigilyph
power-swap Cofagrigus
power-swap Solosis
power-swap Duosion
power-swap Reuniclus
power-swap Elgyem
power-swap Beheeyem
power-swap Accelgor
power-swap Tapu Koko
power-swap Tapu Lele
power-swap Tapu Bulu
power-swap Magearna
power-swap Dottler
power-swap Orbeetle
power-swap Hatterene
power-swap Grimmsnarl
power-swap Mr. Rime
power-swap Runerigus
power-swap Indeedee
power-swap Zamazenta
power-swap Calyrex
power-swap Calyrex
power-swap Calyrex
power-trick Shuckle
power-trick Baltoy
power-trick Claydol
power-trick Honedge
power-trick Doublade
power-trick Aegislash
power-trick Aegislash
power-trip Sandile
power-trip Krokorok
power-trip Krookodile
power-trip Rookidee
power-trip Corvisquire
power-trip Corviknight
power-trip Morpeko
power-trip Pancham
power-trip Pangoro
power-trip Litten
power-trip Torracat
power-trip Incineroar
power-whip Lickitung
power-whip Tangela
power-whip Lickilicky
power-whip Tangrowth
power-whip Ferrothorn
power-whip Goodra
power-whip Tsareena
power-whip Dhelmise
power-whip Xurkitree
power-whip Zarude
power-whip Bulbasaur
power-whip Ivysaur
power-whip Venusaur
power-whip Exeggutor
power-whip Lickitung
power-whip Tangela
power-whip Gyarados
power-whip Mew
power-whip Roselia
power-whip Cradily
power-whip Roserade
power-whip Lickilicky
power-whip Tangrowth
power-whip Palpitoad
power-whip Seismitoad
power-whip Ferrothorn
power-whip Goodra
power-whip Gourgeist
power-whip Tsareena
power-whip Dhelmise
power-whip Xurkitree
power-whip Sizzlipede
power-whip Centiskorch
power-whip Hatterene
power-whip Grimmsnarl
power-whip Cufant
power-whip Copperajah
power-whip Zarude
power-up-punch Hitmonchan
power-up-punch Lucario
power-up-punch Buzzwole
power-up-punch Zeraora
power-up-punch Grimmsnarl
power-up-punch Wooper
power-up-punch Quagsire
power-up-punch Mawile
power-up-punch Timburr
power-up-punch Gurdurr
power-up-punch Conkeldurr
power-up-punch Darumaka
power-up-punch Darmanitan
power-up-punch Scraggy
power-up-punch Scrafty
power-up-punch Toxel
power-up-punch Toxtricity
power-up-punch Toxtricity
power-up-punch Clobbopus
power-up-punch Grapploct
precipice-blades Groudon
present Delibird
present Pikachu
present Raichu
present Raichu
present Clefairy
present Clefable
present Jigglypuff
present Wigglytuff
present Chansey
present Pichu
present Cleffa
present Igglybuff
present Togepi
present Togetic
present Marill
present Azumarill
present Miltank
present Blissey
present Azurill
present Happiny
present Togekiss
present Togedemaru
prismatic-laser Necrozma
protect Squirtle
protect Wartortle
protect Blastoise
protect Shellder
protect Cloyster
protect Krabby
protect Kingler
protect Mr. Mime
protect Mr. Mime
protect Omanyte
protect Omastar
protect Kabuto
protect Kabutops
protect Mudkip
protect Marshtomp
protect Swampert
protect Pelipper
protect Aron
protect Lairon
protect Aggron
protect Torkoal
protect Corphish
protect Crawdaunt
protect Anorith
protect Armaldo
protect Snorunt
protect Glalie
protect Shelgon
protect Salamence
protect Mime Jr.
protect Gallade
protect Froslass
protect Mesprit
protect Regigigas
protect Venipede
protect Whirlipede
protect Scolipede
protect Scraggy
protect Scrafty
protect Yamask
protect Yamask
protect Cofagrigus
protect Tirtouga
protect Carracosta
protect Solosis
protect Duosion
protect Reuniclus
protect Shelmet
protect Goomy
protect Sliggoo
protect Goodra
protect Bergmite
protect Avalugg
protect Turtonator
protect Drampa
protect Jangmo-o
protect Hakamo-o
protect Kommo-o
protect Stakataka
protect Melmetal
protect Chewtle
protect Drednaw
protect Flapple
protect Appletun
protect Sinistea
protect Polteageist
protect Mr. Rime
protect Runerigus
protect Falinks
protect Dracovish
protect Arctovish
protect Bulbasaur
protect Ivysaur
protect Venusaur
protect Charmander
protect Charmeleon
protect Charizard
protect Squirtle
protect Wartortle
protect Blastoise
protect Butterfree
protect Pikachu
protect Raichu
protect Raichu
protect Sandshrew
protect Sandshrew
protect Sandslash
protect Sandslash
protect Nidoran♀
protect Nidorina
protect Nidoqueen
protect Nidoran♂
protect Nidorino
protect Nidoking
protect Clefairy
protect Clefable
protect Vulpix
protect Vulpix
protect Ninetales
protect Ninetales
protect Jigglypuff
protect Wigglytuff
protect Zubat
protect Golbat
protect Oddish
protect Gloom
protect Vileplume
protect Diglett
protect Diglett
protect Dugtrio
protect Dugtrio
protect Meowth
protect Meowth
protect Meowth
protect Persian
protect Persian
protect Psyduck
protect Golduck
protect Growlithe
protect Arcanine
protect Poliwag
protect Poliwhirl
protect Poliwrath
protect Abra
protect Kadabra
protect Alakazam
protect Machop
protect Machoke
protect Machamp
protect Tentacool
protect Tentacruel
protect Ponyta
protect Ponyta
protect Rapidash
protect Rapidash
protect Slowpoke
protect Slowpoke
protect Slowbro
protect Slowbro
protect Magnemite
protect Magneton
protect Farfetch'd
protect Farfetch'd
protect Shellder
protect Cloyster
protect Gastly
protect Haunter
protect Gengar
protect Onix
protect Krabby
protect Kingler
protect Exeggcute
protect Exeggutor
protect Exeggutor
protect Cubone
protect Marowak
protect Marowak
protect Hitmonlee
protect Hitmonchan
protect Lickitung
protect Koffing
protect Weezing
protect Weezing
protect Rhyhorn
protect Rhydon
protect Chansey
protect Tangela
protect Kangaskhan
protect Horsea
protect Seadra
protect Goldeen
protect Seaking
protect Staryu
protect Starmie
protect Mr. Mime
protect Mr. Mime
protect Scyther
protect Jynx
protect Electabuzz
protect Magmar
protect Pinsir
protect Tauros
protect Gyarados
protect Lapras
protect Eevee
protect Vaporeon
protect Jolteon
protect Flareon
protect Porygon
protect Omanyte
protect Omastar
protect Kabuto
protect Kabutops
protect Aerodactyl
protect Snorlax
protect Articuno
protect Articuno
protect Zapdos
protect Zapdos
protect Moltres
protect Moltres
protect Dratini
protect Dragonair
protect Dragonite
protect Mewtwo
protect Mew
protect Hoothoot
protect Noctowl
protect Crobat
protect Chinchou
protect Lanturn
protect Pichu
protect Cleffa
protect Igglybuff
protect Togepi
protect Togetic
protect Natu
protect Xatu
protect Bellossom
protect Marill
protect Azumarill
protect Sudowoodo
protect Politoed
protect Wooper
protect Quagsire
protect Espeon
protect Umbreon
protect Slowking
protect Slowking
protect Dunsparce
protect Steelix
protect Qwilfish
protect Scizor
protect Shuckle
protect Heracross
protect Sneasel
protect Swinub
protect Piloswine
protect Corsola
protect Corsola
protect Remoraid
protect Octillery
protect Delibird
protect Mantine
protect Skarmory
protect Kingdra
protect Porygon2
protect Tyrogue
protect Hitmontop
protect Smoochum
protect Elekid
protect Magby
protect Miltank
protect Blissey
protect Raikou
protect Entei
protect Suicune
protect Larvitar
protect Pupitar
protect Tyranitar
protect Lugia
protect Ho-oh
protect Celebi
protect Treecko
protect Grovyle
protect Sceptile
protect Torchic
protect Combusken
protect Blaziken
protect Mudkip
protect Marshtomp
protect Swampert
protect Zigzagoon
protect Zigzagoon
protect Linoone
protect Linoone
protect Lotad
protect Lombre
protect Ludicolo
protect Seedot
protect Nuzleaf
protect Shiftry
protect Wingull
protect Pelipper
protect Ralts
protect Kirlia
protect Gardevoir
protect Nincada
protect Ninjask
protect Shedinja
protect Whismur
protect Loudred
protect Exploud
protect Azurill
protect Sableye
protect Mawile
protect Aron
protect Lairon
protect Aggron
protect Electrike
protect Manectric
protect Roselia
protect Carvanha
protect Sharpedo
protect Wailmer
protect Wailord
protect Torkoal
protect Trapinch
protect Vibrava
protect Flygon
protect Swablu
protect Altaria
protect Lunatone
protect Solrock
protect Barboach
protect Whiscash
protect Corphish
protect Crawdaunt
protect Baltoy
protect Claydol
protect Lileep
protect Cradily
protect Anorith
protect Armaldo
protect Feebas
protect Milotic
protect Duskull
protect Dusclops
protect Absol
protect Snorunt
protect Glalie
protect Spheal
protect Sealeo
protect Walrein
protect Relicanth
protect Bagon
protect Shelgon
protect Salamence
protect Metang
protect Metagross
protect Regirock
protect Regice
protect Registeel
protect Latias
protect Latios
protect Kyogre
protect Groudon
protect Rayquaza
protect Jirachi
protect Shinx
protect Luxio
protect Luxray
protect Budew
protect Roserade
protect Vespiquen
protect Cherubi
protect Cherrim
protect Shellos
protect Gastrodon
protect Drifloon
protect Drifblim
protect Buneary
protect Lopunny
protect Stunky
protect Skuntank
protect Bronzor
protect Bronzong
protect Bonsly
protect Mime Jr.
protect Happiny
protect Spiritomb
protect Gible
protect Gabite
protect Garchomp
protect Munchlax
protect Riolu
protect Lucario
protect Hippopotas
protect Hippowdon
protect Skorupi
protect Drapion
protect Croagunk
protect Toxicroak
protect Mantyke
protect Snover
protect Abomasnow
protect Weavile
protect Magnezone
protect Lickilicky
protect Rhyperior
protect Tangrowth
protect Electivire
protect Magmortar
protect Togekiss
protect Leafeon
protect Glaceon
protect Mamoswine
protect Porygon-Z
protect Gallade
protect Dusknoir
protect Froslass
protect Rotom
protect Rotom
protect Rotom
protect Rotom
protect Rotom
protect Rotom
protect Uxie
protect Mesprit
protect Azelf
protect Dialga
protect Palkia
protect Heatran
protect Regigigas
protect Giratina
protect Giratina
protect Cresselia
protect Victini
protect Lillipup
protect Herdier
protect Stoutland
protect Purrloin
protect Liepard
protect Munna
protect Musharna
protect Pidove
protect Tranquill
protect Unfezant
protect Roggenrola
protect Boldore
protect Gigalith
protect Woobat
protect Swoobat
protect Drilbur
protect Excadrill
protect Audino
protect Timburr
protect Gurdurr
protect Conkeldurr
protect Tympole
protect Palpitoad
protect Seismitoad
protect Throh
protect Sawk
protect Venipede
protect Whirlipede
protect Scolipede
protect Cottonee
protect Whimsicott
protect Petilil
protect Lilligant
protect Basculin
protect Sandile
protect Krokorok
protect Krookodile
protect Darumaka
protect Darumaka
protect Darmanitan
protect Darmanitan
protect Maractus
protect Dwebble
protect Crustle
protect Scraggy
protect Scrafty
protect Sigilyph
protect Yamask
protect Yamask
protect Cofagrigus
protect Tirtouga
protect Carracosta
protect Archen
protect Archeops
protect Trubbish
protect Garbodor
protect Zorua
protect Zoroark
protect Minccino
protect Cinccino
protect Gothita
protect Gothorita
protect Gothitelle
protect Solosis
protect Duosion
protect Reuniclus
protect Vanillite
protect Vanillish
protect Vanilluxe
protect Emolga
protect Karrablast
protect Escavalier
protect Foongus
protect Amoonguss
protect Frillish
protect Jellicent
protect Joltik
protect Galvantula
protect Ferroseed
protect Ferrothorn
protect Klink
protect Klang
protect Klinklang
protect Elgyem
protect Beheeyem
protect Litwick
protect Lampent
protect Chandelure
protect Axew
protect Fraxure
protect Haxorus
protect Cubchoo
protect Beartic
protect Cryogonal
protect Shelmet
protect Accelgor
protect Stunfisk
protect Stunfisk
protect Mienfoo
protect Mienshao
protect Druddigon
protect Golett
protect Golurk
protect Pawniard
protect Bisharp
protect Bouffalant
protect Rufflet
protect Braviary
protect Vullaby
protect Mandibuzz
protect Heatmor
protect Durant
protect Deino
protect Zweilous
protect Hydreigon
protect Larvesta
protect Volcarona
protect Cobalion
protect Terrakion
protect Virizion
protect Tornadus
protect Tornadus
protect Thundurus
protect Thundurus
protect Reshiram
protect Zekrom
protect Landorus
protect Landorus
protect Kyurem
protect Kyurem
protect Kyurem
protect Keldeo
protect Genesect
protect Bunnelby
protect Diggersby
protect Fletchling
protect Fletchinder
protect Talonflame
protect Pancham
protect Pangoro
protect Espurr
protect Meowstic
protect Meowstic
protect Honedge
protect Doublade
protect Aegislash
protect Aegislash
protect Spritzee
protect Aromatisse
protect Swirlix
protect Slurpuff
protect Inkay
protect Malamar
protect Binacle
protect Barbaracle
protect Skrelp
protect Dragalge
protect Clauncher
protect Clawitzer
protect Helioptile
protect Heliolisk
protect Tyrunt
protect Tyrantrum
protect Amaura
protect Aurorus
protect Sylveon
protect Hawlucha
protect Dedenne
protect Carbink
protect Goomy
protect Sliggoo
protect Goodra
protect Klefki
protect Phantump
protect Trevenant
protect Pumpkaboo
protect Gourgeist
protect Bergmite
protect Avalugg
protect Noibat
protect Noivern
protect Xerneas
protect Yveltal
protect Zygarde
protect Diancie
protect Volcanion
protect Rowlet
protect Dartrix
protect Decidueye
protect Litten
protect Torracat
protect Incineroar
protect Popplio
protect Brionne
protect Primarina
protect Grubbin
protect Charjabug
protect Vikavolt
protect Cutiefly
protect Ribombee
protect Rockruff
protect Lycanroc
protect Lycanroc
protect Lycanroc
protect Wishiwashi
protect Mareanie
protect Toxapex
protect Mudbray
protect Mudsdale
protect Dewpider
protect Araquanid
protect Fomantis
protect Lurantis
protect Morelull
protect Shiinotic
protect Salandit
protect Salazzle
protect Stufful
protect Bewear
protect Bounsweet
protect Steenee
protect Tsareena
protect Comfey
protect Oranguru
protect Passimian
protect Wimpod
protect Golisopod
protect Sandygast
protect Palossand
protect Pyukumuku
protect Type: Null
protect Silvally
protect Turtonator
protect Togedemaru
protect Mimikyu
protect Drampa
protect Dhelmise
protect Jangmo-o
protect Hakamo-o
protect Kommo-o
protect Tapu Koko
protect Tapu Lele
protect Tapu Bulu
protect Tapu Fini
protect Solgaleo
protect Lunala
protect Nihilego
protect Buzzwole
protect Pheromosa
protect Xurkitree
protect Celesteela
protect Kartana
protect Guzzlord
protect Necrozma
protect Magearna
protect Marshadow
protect Poipole
protect Naganadel
protect Stakataka
protect Blacephalon
protect Zeraora
protect Meltan
protect Melmetal
protect Grookey
protect Thwackey
protect Rillaboom
protect Scorbunny
protect Raboot
protect Cinderace
protect Sobble
protect Drizzile
protect Inteleon
protect Skwovet
protect Greedent
protect Rookidee
protect Corvisquire
protect Corviknight
protect Dottler
protect Orbeetle
protect Nickit
protect Thievul
protect Gossifleur
protect Eldegoss
protect Wooloo
protect Dubwool
protect Chewtle
protect Drednaw
protect Yamper
protect Boltund
protect Rolycoly
protect Carkol
protect Coalossal
protect Flapple
protect Appletun
protect Silicobra
protect Sandaconda
protect Cramorant
protect Arrokuda
protect Barraskewda
protect Toxel
protect Toxtricity
protect Toxtricity
protect Sizzlipede
protect Centiskorch
protect Clobbopus
protect Grapploct
protect Sinistea
protect Polteageist
protect Hatenna
protect Hattrem
protect Hatterene
protect Impidimp
protect Morgrem
protect Grimmsnarl
protect Obstagoon
protect Perrserker
protect Cursola
protect Sirfetch'd
protect Mr. Rime
protect Runerigus
protect Milcery
protect Alcremie
protect Falinks
protect Pincurchin
protect Snom
protect Frosmoth
protect Stonjourner
protect Eiscue
protect Indeedee
protect Indeedee
protect Morpeko
protect Cufant
protect Copperajah
protect Dracozolt
protect Arctozolt
protect Dracovish
protect Arctovish
protect Duraludon
protect Dreepy
protect Drakloak
protect Dragapult
protect Zacian
protect Zamazenta
protect Eternatus
protect Kubfu
protect Urshifu
protect Urshifu
protect Zarude
protect Regieleki
protect Regidrago
protect Glastrier
protect Spectrier
protect Calyrex
protect Calyrex
protect Calyrex
psybeam Butterfree
psybeam Kadabra
psybeam Alakazam
psybeam Ponyta
psybeam Rapidash
psybeam Staryu
psybeam Starmie
psybeam Mr. Mime
psybeam Mr. Mime
psybeam Porygon
psybeam Espeon
psybeam Remoraid
psybeam Octillery
psybeam Mantine
psybeam Porygon2
psybeam Ralts
psybeam Kirlia
psybeam Gardevoir
psybeam Baltoy
psybeam Claydol
psybeam Mime Jr.
psybeam Porygon-Z
psybeam Gallade
psybeam Uxie
psybeam Mesprit
psybeam Azelf
psybeam Cresselia
psybeam Munna
psybeam Musharna
psybeam Sigilyph
psybeam Gothita
psybeam Gothorita
psybeam Gothitelle
psybeam Solosis
psybeam Duosion
psybeam Reuniclus
psybeam Elgyem
psybeam Beheeyem
psybeam Espurr
psybeam Meowstic
psybeam Meowstic
psybeam Inkay
psybeam Malamar
psybeam Tapu Lele
psybeam Magearna
psybeam Orbeetle
psybeam Hatenna
psybeam Hattrem
psybeam Hatterene
psybeam Mr. Rime
psybeam Indeedee
psybeam Indeedee
psybeam Psyduck
psybeam Golduck
psybeam Koffing
psybeam Weezing
psybeam Weezing
psybeam Goldeen
psybeam Seaking
psybeam Chinchou
psybeam Lanturn
psych-up Psyduck
psych-up Golduck
psych-up Slowpoke
psych-up Slowpoke
psych-up Slowbro
psych-up Slowbro
psych-up Espeon
psych-up Slowking
psych-up Slowking
psych-up Gothita
psych-up Gothorita
psych-up Gothitelle
psych-up Aromatisse
psych-up Sylveon
psych-up Xerneas
psych-up Oranguru
psych-up Marshadow
psych-up Elgyem
psych-up Beheeyem
psych-up Indeedee
psych-up Indeedee
psychic Raichu
psychic Kadabra
psychic Alakazam
psychic Ponyta
psychic Rapidash
psychic Slowpoke
psychic Slowpoke
psychic Slowbro
psychic Slowbro
psychic Staryu
psychic Starmie
psychic Mr. Mime
psychic Mr. Mime
psychic Jynx
psychic Mewtwo
psychic Mew
psychic Natu
psychic Xatu
psychic Espeon
psychic Slowking
psychic Slowking
psychic Smoochum
psychic Ralts
psychic Kirlia
psychic Gardevoir
psychic Lunatone
psychic Solrock
psychic Metang
psychic Metagross
psychic Latias
psychic Latios
psychic Jirachi
psychic Mime Jr.
psychic Gallade
psychic Uxie
psychic Mesprit
psychic Azelf
psychic Cresselia
psychic Munna
psychic Musharna
psychic Woobat
psychic Swoobat
psychic Sigilyph
psychic Gothita
psychic Gothorita
psychic Gothitelle
psychic Solosis
psychic Duosion
psychic Reuniclus
psychic Elgyem
psychic Beheeyem
psychic Meowstic
psychic Meowstic
psychic Spritzee
psychic Aromatisse
psychic Yveltal
psychic Oranguru
psychic Orbeetle
psychic Hatenna
psychic Hattrem
psychic Hatterene
psychic Mr. Rime
psychic Indeedee
psychic Indeedee
psychic Calyrex
psychic Calyrex
psychic Calyrex
psychic Butterfree
psychic Raichu
psychic Clefairy
psychic Clefable
psychic Jigglypuff
psychic Wigglytuff
psychic Psyduck
psychic Golduck
psychic Poliwag
psychic Poliwhirl
psychic Poliwrath
psychic Abra
psychic Kadabra
psychic Alakazam
psychic Ponyta
psychic Rapidash
psychic Slowpoke
psychic Slowpoke
psychic Slowbro
psychic Slowbro
psychic Gastly
psychic Haunter
psychic Gengar
psychic Exeggcute
psychic Exeggutor
psychic Exeggutor
psychic Chansey
psychic Staryu
psychic Starmie
psychic Mr. Mime
psychic Mr. Mime
psychic Jynx
psychic Electabuzz
psychic Magmar
psychic Lapras
psychic Porygon
psychic Snorlax
psychic Articuno
psychic Mewtwo
psychic Mew
psychic Hoothoot
psychic Noctowl
psychic Cleffa
psychic Igglybuff
psychic Togepi
psychic Togetic
psychic Natu
psychic Xatu
psychic Politoed
psychic Espeon
psychic Umbreon
psychic Slowking
psychic Slowking
psychic Corsola
psychic Corsola
psychic Remoraid
psychic Octillery
psychic Porygon2
psychic Smoochum
psychic Elekid
psychic Magby
psychic Blissey
psychic Lugia
psychic Ho-oh
psychic Celebi
psychic Ralts
psychic Kirlia
psychic Gardevoir
psychic Sableye
psychic Lunatone
psychic Solrock
psychic Baltoy
psychic Claydol
psychic Duskull
psychic Dusclops
psychic Metang
psychic Metagross
psychic Latias
psychic Latios
psychic Jirachi
psychic Drifloon
psychic Drifblim
psychic Bronzor
psychic Bronzong
psychic Mime Jr.
psychic Happiny
psychic Spiritomb
psychic Munchlax
psychic Lucario
psychic Electivire
psychic Magmortar
psychic Togekiss
psychic Porygon-Z
psychic Gallade
psychic Dusknoir
psychic Froslass
psychic Uxie
psychic Mesprit
psychic Azelf
psychic Giratina
psychic Giratina
psychic Cresselia
psychic Victini
psychic Munna
psychic Musharna
psychic Woobat
psychic Swoobat
psychic Audino
psychic Whimsicott
psychic Darmanitan
psychic Darmanitan
psychic Sigilyph
psychic Yamask
psychic Yamask
psychic Cofagrigus
psychic Garbodor
psychic Gothita
psychic Gothorita
psychic Gothitelle
psychic Solosis
psychic Duosion
psychic Reuniclus
psychic Frillish
psychic Jellicent
psychic Elgyem
psychic Beheeyem
psychic Litwick
psychic Lampent
psychic Chandelure
psychic Golett
psychic Golurk
psychic Larvesta
psychic Volcarona
psychic Tornadus
psychic Tornadus
psychic Thundurus
psychic Thundurus
psychic Reshiram
psychic Zekrom
psychic Landorus
psychic Landorus
psychic Kyurem
psychic Kyurem
psychic Kyurem
psychic Genesect
psychic Espurr
psychic Meowstic
psychic Meowstic
psychic Spritzee
psychic Aromatisse
psychic Swirlix
psychic Slurpuff
psychic Inkay
psychic Malamar
psychic Aurorus
psychic Carbink
psychic Klefki
psychic Phantump
psychic Trevenant
psychic Pumpkaboo
psychic Gourgeist
psychic Noibat
psychic Noivern
psychic Xerneas
psychic Yveltal
psychic Diancie
psychic Primarina
psychic Cutiefly
psychic Ribombee
psychic Oranguru
psychic Sandygast
psychic Palossand
psychic Mimikyu
psychic Tapu Lele
psychic Solgaleo
psychic Lunala
psychic Nihilego
psychic Necrozma
psychic Blacephalon
psychic Dottler
psychic Orbeetle
psychic Thievul
psychic Sinistea
psychic Polteageist
psychic Hatenna
psychic Hattrem
psychic Hatterene
psychic Cursola
psychic Mr. Rime
psychic Runerigus
psychic Alcremie
psychic Indeedee
psychic Indeedee
psychic Calyrex
psychic Calyrex
psychic Calyrex
psychic-fangs Growlithe
psychic-fangs Arcanine
psychic-fangs Aerodactyl
psychic-fangs Mew
psychic-fangs Espeon
psychic-fangs Steelix
psychic-fangs Mawile
psychic-fangs Electrike
psychic-fangs Manectric
psychic-fangs Carvanha
psychic-fangs Sharpedo
psychic-fangs Shinx
psychic-fangs Luxio
psychic-fangs Luxray
psychic-fangs Lillipup
psychic-fangs Herdier
psychic-fangs Stoutland
psychic-fangs Swoobat
psychic-fangs Basculin
psychic-fangs Tyrunt
psychic-fangs Tyrantrum
psychic-fangs Lycanroc
psychic-fangs Lycanroc
psychic-fangs Lycanroc
psychic-fangs Silvally
psychic-fangs Solgaleo
psychic-fangs Necrozma
psychic-fangs Greedent
psychic-fangs Boltund
psychic-fangs Arrokuda
psychic-fangs Barraskewda
psychic-fangs Morpeko
psychic-fangs Dracovish
psychic-fangs Arctovish
psychic-fangs Drakloak
psychic-fangs Dragapult
psychic-fangs Zacian
psychic-fangs Zamazenta
psychic-terrain Musharna
psychic-terrain Beheeyem
psychic-terrain Tapu Lele
psychic-terrain Orbeetle
psychic-terrain Indeedee
psychic-terrain Indeedee
psychic-terrain Abra
psychic-terrain Kadabra
psychic-terrain Alakazam
psychic-terrain Rapidash
psychic-terrain Slowpoke
psychic-terrain Slowpoke
psychic-terrain Slowbro
psychic-terrain Slowbro
psychic-terrain Mr. Mime
psychic-terrain Mr. Mime
psychic-terrain Jynx
psychic-terrain Mewtwo
psychic-terrain Mew
psychic-terrain Slowking
psychic-terrain Slowking
psychic-terrain Celebi
psychic-terrain Gardevoir
psychic-terrain Lunatone
psychic-terrain Solrock
psychic-terrain Baltoy
psychic-terrain Claydol
psychic-terrain Bronzong
psychic-terrain Mime Jr.
psychic-terrain Musharna
psychic-terrain Solosis
psychic-terrain Duosion
psychic-terrain Reuniclus
psychic-terrain Beheeyem
psychic-terrain Meowstic
psychic-terrain Meowstic
psychic-terrain Oranguru
psychic-terrain Tapu Lele
psychic-terrain Dottler
psychic-terrain Orbeetle
psychic-terrain Mr. Rime
psychic-terrain Indeedee
psychic-terrain Indeedee
psychic-terrain Calyrex
psychic-terrain Calyrex
psychic-terrain Calyrex
psycho-boost Deoxys
psycho-boost Deoxys
psycho-boost Deoxys
psycho-boost Deoxys
psycho-cut Kadabra
psycho-cut Alakazam
psycho-cut Rapidash
psycho-cut Articuno
psycho-cut Mewtwo
psycho-cut Gallade
psycho-cut Cresselia
psycho-cut Inkay
psycho-cut Malamar
psycho-cut Necrozma
psycho-cut Hatterene
psycho-cut Kadabra
psycho-cut Alakazam
psycho-cut Rapidash
psycho-cut Exeggutor
psycho-cut Starmie
psycho-cut Scyther
psycho-cut Jynx
psycho-cut Kabutops
psycho-cut Articuno
psycho-cut Mewtwo
psycho-cut Mew
psycho-cut Scizor
psycho-cut Sneasel
psycho-cut Celebi
psycho-cut Absol
psycho-cut Metang
psycho-cut Metagross
psycho-cut Latias
psycho-cut Latios
psycho-cut Weavile
psycho-cut Gallade
psycho-cut Uxie
psycho-cut Mesprit
psycho-cut Azelf
psycho-cut Cresselia
psycho-cut Liepard
psycho-cut Woobat
psycho-cut Swoobat
psycho-cut Sigilyph
psycho-cut Haxorus
psycho-cut Pawniard
psycho-cut Bisharp
psycho-cut Honedge
psycho-cut Doublade
psycho-cut Aegislash
psycho-cut Aegislash
psycho-cut Inkay
psycho-cut Malamar
psycho-cut Decidueye
psycho-cut Lurantis
psycho-cut Tapu Lele
psycho-cut Lunala
psycho-cut Kartana
psycho-cut Necrozma
psycho-cut Orbeetle
psycho-cut Hatterene
psycho-cut Zacian
psycho-cut Spectrier
psycho-cut Calyrex
psycho-shift Articuno
psycho-shift Hoothoot
psycho-shift Noctowl
psycho-shift Natu
psycho-shift Xatu
psycho-shift Latias
psycho-shift Latios
psycho-shift Cresselia
psycho-shift Togepi
psycho-shift Togetic
psycho-shift Togekiss
psycho-shift Woobat
psycho-shift Swoobat
psycho-shift Sigilyph
psycho-shift Indeedee
psyshield-bash Stantler
psyshield-bash Wyrdeer
psyshock Kadabra
psyshock Alakazam
psyshock Exeggutor
psyshock Exeggutor
psyshock Lunatone
psyshock Gothita
psyshock Gothorita
psyshock Gothitelle
psyshock Solosis
psyshock Duosion
psyshock Reuniclus
psyshock Espurr
psyshock Meowstic
psyshock Meowstic
psyshock Tapu Lele
psyshock Calyrex
psyshock Calyrex
psyshock Calyrex
psyshock Raichu
psyshock Clefairy
psyshock Clefable
psyshock Ninetales
psyshock Ninetales
psyshock Psyduck
psyshock Golduck
psyshock Abra
psyshock Kadabra
psyshock Alakazam
psyshock Slowpoke
psyshock Slowpoke
psyshock Slowbro
psyshock Slowbro
psyshock Exeggutor
psyshock Exeggutor
psyshock Starmie
psyshock Mr. Mime
psyshock Mr. Mime
psyshock Jynx
psyshock Porygon
psyshock Articuno
psyshock Mewtwo
psyshock Mew
psyshock Cleffa
psyshock Togepi
psyshock Togetic
psyshock Natu
psyshock Xatu
psyshock Espeon
psyshock Slowking
psyshock Slowking
psyshock Porygon2
psyshock Smoochum
psyshock Lugia
psyshock Ralts
psyshock Kirlia
psyshock Gardevoir
psyshock Lunatone
psyshock Solrock
psyshock Baltoy
psyshock Claydol
psyshock Metang
psyshock Metagross
psyshock Latias
psyshock Latios
psyshock Jirachi
psyshock Bronzor
psyshock Bronzong
psyshock Mime Jr.
psyshock Togekiss
psyshock Porygon-Z
psyshock Gallade
psyshock Uxie
psyshock Mesprit
psyshock Azelf
psyshock Cresselia
psyshock Victini
psyshock Munna
psyshock Musharna
psyshock Woobat
psyshock Swoobat
psyshock Audino
psyshock Sigilyph
psyshock Gothita
psyshock Gothorita
psyshock Gothitelle
psyshock Solosis
psyshock Duosion
psyshock Reuniclus
psyshock Elgyem
psyshock Beheeyem
psyshock Espurr
psyshock Meowstic
psyshock Meowstic
psyshock Aromatisse
psyshock Malamar
psyshock Sylveon
psyshock Klefki
psyshock Xerneas
psyshock Diancie
psyshock Oranguru
psyshock Tapu Lele
psyshock Solgaleo
psyshock Lunala
psyshock Nihilego
psyshock Necrozma
psyshock Blacephalon
psyshock Dottler
psyshock Orbeetle
psyshock Sinistea
psyshock Polteageist
psyshock Hatenna
psyshock Hattrem
psyshock Hatterene
psyshock Mr. Rime
psyshock Alcremie
psyshock Indeedee
psyshock Indeedee
psyshock Calyrex
psyshock Calyrex
psyshock Calyrex
psystrike Mewtwo
psywave Staryu
psywave Mr. Mime
psywave Mewtwo
psywave Misdreavus
psywave Spoink
psywave Grumpig
psywave Grumpig
psywave Lunatone
psywave Solrock
psywave Chimecho
psywave Latias
psywave Latios
psywave Mismagius
psywave Bronzor
psywave Bronzong
psywave Munna
psywave Sigilyph
psywave Solosis
psywave Duosion
psywave Reuniclus
psywave Inkay
psywave Malamar
psywave Bruxish
psywave Tapu Lele
psywave Nihilego
psywave Gastly
psywave Haunter
psywave Gengar
psywave Koffing
psywave Weezing
psywave Butterfree
psywave Clefairy
psywave Clefable
psywave Jigglypuff
psywave Wigglytuff
psywave Venonat
psywave Venomoth
psywave Poliwag
psywave Poliwhirl
psywave Poliwrath
psywave Abra
psywave Kadabra
psywave Alakazam
psywave Slowpoke
psywave Slowbro
psywave Drowzee
psywave Hypno
psywave Exeggcute
psywave Exeggutor
psywave Chansey
psywave Jynx
psywave Electabuzz
psywave Magmar
psywave Lapras
psywave Porygon
psywave Snorlax
psywave Mew
punishment Mankey
punishment Primeape
punishment Sneasel
punishment Lugia
punishment Ho-oh
punishment Slaking
punishment Slaking
punishment Sableye
punishment Infernape
punishment Weavile
punishment Arceus
punishment Zorua
punishment Zoroark
punishment Vullaby
punishment Mandibuzz
punishment Landorus
punishment Tsareena
punishment Type: Null
punishment Silvally
punishment Jigglypuff
punishment Wigglytuff
punishment Meowth
punishment Meowth
punishment Persian
punishment Persian
punishment Igglybuff
punishment Murkrow
punishment Sneasel
punishment Houndour
punishment Houndoom
punishment Miltank
punishment Mawile
punishment Seviper
punishment Absol
punishment Honchkrow
punishment Stunky
punishment Skuntank
punishment Weavile
purify Pyukumuku
pursuit Beedrill
pursuit Rattata
pursuit Rattata
pursuit Raticate
pursuit Raticate
pursuit Spearow
pursuit Fearow
pursuit Fearow
pursuit Mankey
pursuit Primeape
pursuit Doduo
pursuit Dodrio
pursuit Hitmonchan
pursuit Hitmonchan
pursuit Scyther
pursuit Tauros
pursuit Yanma
pursuit Umbreon
pursuit Murkrow
pursuit Dunsparce
pursuit Scizor
pursuit Hitmontop
pursuit Hitmontop
pursuit Treecko
pursuit Grovyle
pursuit Sceptile
pursuit Wingull
pursuit Zangoose
pursuit Duskull
pursuit Dusclops
pursuit Absol
pursuit Metang
pursuit Metagross
pursuit Deoxys
pursuit Deoxys
pursuit Deoxys
pursuit Cranidos
pursuit Rampardos
pursuit Rampardos
pursuit Vespiquen
pursuit Buizel
pursuit Floatzel
pursuit Honchkrow
pursuit Spiritomb
pursuit Skorupi
pursuit Drapion
pursuit Croagunk
pursuit Toxicroak
pursuit Yanmega
pursuit Dusknoir
pursuit Purrloin
pursuit Liepard
pursuit Blitzle
pursuit Zebstrika
pursuit Venipede
pursuit Whirlipede
pursuit Scolipede
pursuit Zorua
pursuit Zoroark
pursuit Zoroark
pursuit Emolga
pursuit Bouffalant
pursuit Honedge
pursuit Doublade
pursuit Aegislash
pursuit Yungoos
pursuit Gumshoos
pursuit Gumshoos
pursuit Crabrawler
pursuit Crabominable
pursuit Crabominable
pursuit Type: Null
pursuit Silvally
pursuit Marshadow
pursuit Pidgey
pursuit Pidgeotto
pursuit Pidgeot
pursuit Ekans
pursuit Arbok
pursuit Nidoran♀
pursuit Nidorina
pursuit Nidoqueen
pursuit Zubat
pursuit Golbat
pursuit Paras
pursuit Parasect
pursuit Diglett
pursuit Diglett
pursuit Dugtrio
pursuit Dugtrio
pursuit Grimer
pursuit Muk
pursuit Hitmonlee
pursuit Hitmonchan
pursuit Aerodactyl
pursuit Snorlax
pursuit Sentret
pursuit Furret
pursuit Spinarak
pursuit Ariados
pursuit Crobat
pursuit Aipom
pursuit Yanma
pursuit Heracross
pursuit Sneasel
pursuit Skarmory
pursuit Houndour
pursuit Houndoom
pursuit Tyrogue
pursuit Hitmontop
pursuit Larvitar
pursuit Pupitar
pursuit Tyranitar
pursuit Zigzagoon
pursuit Linoone
pursuit Taillow
pursuit Swellow
pursuit Slakoth
pursuit Vigoroth
pursuit Slaking
pursuit Swablu
pursuit Altaria
pursuit Shuppet
pursuit Banette
pursuit Starly
pursuit Staravia
pursuit Staraptor
pursuit Ambipom
pursuit Stunky
pursuit Skuntank
pursuit Munchlax
pursuit Skorupi
pursuit Drapion
pursuit Weavile
pursuit Yanmega
pursuit Snivy
pursuit Servine
pursuit Serperior
pursuit Patrat
pursuit Watchog
pursuit Lillipup
pursuit Herdier
pursuit Stoutland
pursuit Sandile
pursuit Krokorok
pursuit Krookodile
pursuit Karrablast
pursuit Escavalier
pursuit Joltik
pursuit Galvantula
pursuit Shelmet
pursuit Accelgor
pursuit Druddigon
pursuit Pawniard
pursuit Bisharp
pursuit Heatmor
pursuit Rhyhorn
pursuit Rhydon
pursuit Darkrai
pyro-ball Cinderace
quash Persian
quash Sableye
quash Oranguru
quash Pancham
quash Pangoro
quash Hatenna
quash Hattrem
quash Hatterene
quash Morpeko
quick-attack Pikachu
quick-attack Raichu
quick-attack Raichu
quick-attack Vulpix
quick-attack Ninetales
quick-attack Rapidash
quick-attack Rapidash
quick-attack Scyther
quick-attack Electabuzz
quick-attack Eevee
quick-attack Vaporeon
quick-attack Jolteon
quick-attack Flareon
quick-attack Espeon
quick-attack Umbreon
quick-attack Scizor
quick-attack Sneasel
quick-attack Hitmontop
quick-attack Elekid
quick-attack Raikou
quick-attack Treecko
quick-attack Grovyle
quick-attack Sceptile
quick-attack Torchic
quick-attack Combusken
quick-attack Blaziken
quick-attack Wingull
quick-attack Pelipper
quick-attack Electrike
quick-attack Manectric
quick-attack Absol
quick-attack Buneary
quick-attack Lopunny
quick-attack Riolu
quick-attack Lucario
quick-attack Weavile
quick-attack Electivire
quick-attack Leafeon
quick-attack Glaceon
quick-attack Victini
quick-attack Pidove
quick-attack Tranquill
quick-attack Unfezant
quick-attack Archen
quick-attack Archeops
quick-attack Emolga
quick-attack Accelgor
quick-attack Cobalion
quick-attack Terrakion
quick-attack Virizion
quick-attack Genesect
quick-attack Bunnelby
quick-attack Diggersby
quick-attack Fletchling
quick-attack Fletchinder
quick-attack Talonflame
quick-attack Helioptile
quick-attack Heliolisk
quick-attack Sylveon
quick-attack Lycanroc
quick-attack Lycanroc
quick-attack Tapu Koko
quick-attack Zeraora
quick-attack Scorbunny
quick-attack Raboot
quick-attack Cinderace
quick-attack Nickit
quick-attack Thievul
quick-attack Morpeko
quick-attack Dreepy
quick-attack Drakloak
quick-attack Dragapult
quick-attack Zacian
quick-attack Zamazenta
quick-attack Zubat
quick-attack Farfetch'd
quick-attack Farfetch'd
quick-attack Pinsir
quick-attack Natu
quick-attack Xatu
quick-attack Delibird
quick-attack Seedot
quick-attack Nuzleaf
quick-attack Shiftry
quick-attack Trapinch
quick-attack Vibrava
quick-attack Flygon
quick-attack Shinx
quick-attack Luxio
quick-attack Luxray
quick-attack Purrloin
quick-attack Liepard
quick-attack Passimian
quick-attack Sirfetch'd
quick-guard Zubat
quick-guard Golbat
quick-guard Hitmonchan
quick-guard Mr. Mime
quick-guard Zapdos
quick-guard Crobat
quick-guard Hitmontop
quick-guard Treecko
quick-guard Grovyle
quick-guard Sceptile
quick-guard Riolu
quick-guard Lucario
quick-guard Gallade
quick-guard Sawk
quick-guard Archen
quick-guard Archeops
quick-guard Escavalier
quick-guard Mienfoo
quick-guard Mienshao
quick-guard Cobalion
quick-guard Terrakion
quick-guard Virizion
quick-guard Keldeo
quick-guard Meowstic
quick-guard Lycanroc
quick-guard Lycanroc
quick-guard Pheromosa
quick-guard Zeraora
quick-guard Zacian
quick-guard Machop
quick-guard Machoke
quick-guard Machamp
quick-guard Farfetch'd
quick-guard Scyther
quick-guard Scizor
quick-guard Zigzagoon
quick-guard Linoone
quick-guard Croagunk
quick-guard Toxicroak
quick-guard Scraggy
quick-guard Scrafty
quick-guard Pawniard
quick-guard Bisharp
quick-guard Fletchling
quick-guard Fletchinder
quick-guard Talonflame
quick-guard Pancham
quick-guard Pangoro
quick-guard Hawlucha
quick-guard Passimian
quick-guard Nickit
quick-guard Thievul
quick-guard Obstagoon
quick-guard Sirfetch'd
quiver-dance Butterfree
quiver-dance Bellossom
quiver-dance Lilligant
quiver-dance Volcarona
quiver-dance Cutiefly
quiver-dance Ribombee
quiver-dance Pheromosa
quiver-dance Frosmoth
rage Beedrill
rage Primeape
rage Doduo
rage Dodrio
rage Dodrio
rage Onix
rage Cubone
rage Marowak
rage Kangaskhan
rage Tauros
rage Totodile
rage Croconaw
rage Feraligatr
rage Feraligatr
rage Dunsparce
rage Steelix
rage Snubbull
rage Granbull
rage Beautifly
rage Carvanha
rage Sharpedo
rage Sharpedo
rage Bagon
rage Shelgon
rage Salamence
rage Sandile
rage Krokorok
rage Krookodile
rage Darumaka
rage Darmanitan
rage Darmanitan
rage Bouffalant
rage Type: Null
rage Silvally
rage Houndour
rage Houndoom
rage Stantler
rage Taillow
rage Swellow
rage Swablu
rage Altaria
rage Blitzle
rage Zebstrika
rage Basculin
rage Bruxish
rage Bulbasaur
rage Ivysaur
rage Venusaur
rage Charmander
rage Charmeleon
rage Charizard
rage Squirtle
rage Wartortle
rage Blastoise
rage Butterfree
rage Pidgey
rage Pidgeotto
rage Pidgeot
rage Rattata
rage Raticate
rage Spearow
rage Fearow
rage Ekans
rage Arbok
rage Pikachu
rage Raichu
rage Sandshrew
rage Sandslash
rage Nidoran♀
rage Nidorina
rage Nidoqueen
rage Nidoran♂
rage Nidorino
rage Nidoking
rage Clefairy
rage Clefable
rage Vulpix
rage Ninetales
rage Jigglypuff
rage Wigglytuff
rage Zubat
rage Golbat
rage Oddish
rage Gloom
rage Vileplume
rage Paras
rage Parasect
rage Venonat
rage Venomoth
rage Diglett
rage Dugtrio
rage Meowth
rage Persian
rage Psyduck
rage Golduck
rage Mankey
rage Growlithe
rage Arcanine
rage Poliwag
rage Poliwhirl
rage Poliwrath
rage Abra
rage Kadabra
rage Alakazam
rage Machop
rage Machoke
rage Machamp
rage Bellsprout
rage Weepinbell
rage Victreebel
rage Tentacool
rage Tentacruel
rage Geodude
rage Graveler
rage Golem
rage Ponyta
rage Rapidash
rage Slowpoke
rage Slowbro
rage Magnemite
rage Magneton
rage Farfetch'd
rage Seel
rage Dewgong
rage Grimer
rage Muk
rage Shellder
rage Cloyster
rage Gastly
rage Haunter
rage Gengar
rage Drowzee
rage Hypno
rage Krabby
rage Kingler
rage Voltorb
rage Electrode
rage Exeggcute
rage Exeggutor
rage Hitmonlee
rage Hitmonchan
rage Lickitung
rage Koffing
rage Weezing
rage Rhyhorn
rage Rhydon
rage Chansey
rage Tangela
rage Horsea
rage Seadra
rage Goldeen
rage Seaking
rage Staryu
rage Starmie
rage Mr. Mime
rage Scyther
rage Jynx
rage Electabuzz
rage Magmar
rage Pinsir
rage Gyarados
rage Lapras
rage Eevee
rage Vaporeon
rage Jolteon
rage Flareon
rage Porygon
rage Omanyte
rage Omastar
rage Kabuto
rage Kabutops
rage Aerodactyl
rage Snorlax
rage Articuno
rage Zapdos
rage Moltres
rage Dratini
rage Dragonair
rage Dragonite
rage Mewtwo
rage Mew
rage-powder Butterfree
rage-powder Foongus
rage-powder Amoonguss
rage-powder Volcarona
rage-powder Tangela
rage-powder Tangrowth
raging-fury Arcanine
raging-fury Infernape
rain-dance Squirtle
rain-dance Wartortle
rain-dance Blastoise
rain-dance Poliwag
rain-dance Poliwhirl
rain-dance Poliwrath
rain-dance Slowpoke
rain-dance Slowpoke
rain-dance Slowbro
rain-dance Slowbro
rain-dance Horsea
rain-dance Seadra
rain-dance Gyarados
rain-dance Lapras
rain-dance Zapdos
rain-dance Dratini
rain-dance Dragonair
rain-dance Dragonite
rain-dance Marill
rain-dance Azumarill
rain-dance Politoed
rain-dance Wooper
rain-dance Quagsire
rain-dance Slowking
rain-dance Slowking
rain-dance Kingdra
rain-dance Raikou
rain-dance Suicune
rain-dance Lugia
rain-dance Lotad
rain-dance Lombre
rain-dance Ludicolo
rain-dance Milotic
rain-dance Shellos
rain-dance Gastrodon
rain-dance Bronzong
rain-dance Tympole
rain-dance Palpitoad
rain-dance Seismitoad
rain-dance Tirtouga
rain-dance Carracosta
rain-dance Frillish
rain-dance Jellicent
rain-dance Tornadus
rain-dance Tornadus
rain-dance Thundurus
rain-dance Thundurus
rain-dance Goomy
rain-dance Sliggoo
rain-dance Goodra
rain-dance Sobble
rain-dance Drizzile
rain-dance Inteleon
rain-dance Squirtle
rain-dance Wartortle
rain-dance Blastoise
rain-dance Butterfree
rain-dance Pikachu
rain-dance Raichu
rain-dance Raichu
rain-dance Nidoran♀
rain-dance Nidorina
rain-dance Nidoqueen
rain-dance Nidoran♂
rain-dance Nidorino
rain-dance Nidoking
rain-dance Clefairy
rain-dance Clefable
rain-dance Vulpix
rain-dance Ninetales
rain-dance Jigglypuff
rain-dance Wigglytuff
rain-dance Zubat
rain-dance Golbat
rain-dance Meowth
rain-dance Meowth
rain-dance Meowth
rain-dance Persian
rain-dance Persian
rain-dance Psyduck
rain-dance Golduck
rain-dance Poliwag
rain-dance Poliwhirl
rain-dance Poliwrath
rain-dance Abra
rain-dance Kadabra
rain-dance Alakazam
rain-dance Machop
rain-dance Machoke
rain-dance Machamp
rain-dance Tentacool
rain-dance Tentacruel
rain-dance Slowpoke
rain-dance Slowpoke
rain-dance Slowbro
rain-dance Slowbro
rain-dance Magnemite
rain-dance Magneton
rain-dance Shellder
rain-dance Cloyster
rain-dance Gastly
rain-dance Haunter
rain-dance Gengar
rain-dance Krabby
rain-dance Kingler
rain-dance Marowak
rain-dance Hitmonlee
rain-dance Hitmonchan
rain-dance Lickitung
rain-dance Koffing
rain-dance Weezing
rain-dance Weezing
rain-dance Rhyhorn
rain-dance Rhydon
rain-dance Chansey
rain-dance Kangaskhan
rain-dance Horsea
rain-dance Seadra
rain-dance Goldeen
rain-dance Seaking
rain-dance Staryu
rain-dance Starmie
rain-dance Mr. Mime
rain-dance Mr. Mime
rain-dance Scyther
rain-dance Jynx
rain-dance Electabuzz
rain-dance Pinsir
rain-dance Tauros
rain-dance Gyarados
rain-dance Lapras
rain-dance Eevee
rain-dance Vaporeon
rain-dance Jolteon
rain-dance Flareon
rain-dance Porygon
rain-dance Omanyte
rain-dance Omastar
rain-dance Kabuto
rain-dance Kabutops
rain-dance Aerodactyl
rain-dance Snorlax
rain-dance Articuno
rain-dance Zapdos
rain-dance Moltres
rain-dance Dratini
rain-dance Dragonair
rain-dance Dragonite
rain-dance Mewtwo
rain-dance Mew
rain-dance Hoothoot
rain-dance Noctowl
rain-dance Crobat
rain-dance Chinchou
rain-dance Lanturn
rain-dance Pichu
rain-dance Cleffa
rain-dance Igglybuff
rain-dance Togepi
rain-dance Togetic
rain-dance Natu
rain-dance Xatu
rain-dance Marill
rain-dance Azumarill
rain-dance Politoed
rain-dance Wooper
rain-dance Quagsire
rain-dance Espeon
rain-dance Umbreon
rain-dance Slowking
rain-dance Slowking
rain-dance Dunsparce
rain-dance Qwilfish
rain-dance Scizor
rain-dance Heracross
rain-dance Sneasel
rain-dance Swinub
rain-dance Piloswine
rain-dance Corsola
rain-dance Corsola
rain-dance Remoraid
rain-dance Octillery
rain-dance Delibird
rain-dance Mantine
rain-dance Kingdra
rain-dance Porygon2
rain-dance Tyrogue
rain-dance Hitmontop
rain-dance Smoochum
rain-dance Elekid
rain-dance Miltank
rain-dance Blissey
rain-dance Raikou
rain-dance Entei
rain-dance Suicune
rain-dance Larvitar
rain-dance Pupitar
rain-dance Tyranitar
rain-dance Lugia
rain-dance Ho-oh
rain-dance Celebi
rain-dance Mudkip
rain-dance Marshtomp
rain-dance Swampert
rain-dance Zigzagoon
rain-dance Zigzagoon
rain-dance Linoone
rain-dance Linoone
rain-dance Lotad
rain-dance Lombre
rain-dance Ludicolo
rain-dance Wingull
rain-dance Pelipper
rain-dance Ralts
rain-dance Kirlia
rain-dance Gardevoir
rain-dance Whismur
rain-dance Loudred
rain-dance Exploud
rain-dance Azurill
rain-dance Sableye
rain-dance Mawile
rain-dance Aron
rain-dance Lairon
rain-dance Aggron
rain-dance Electrike
rain-dance Manectric
rain-dance Roselia
rain-dance Carvanha
rain-dance Sharpedo
rain-dance Wailmer
rain-dance Wailord
rain-dance Swablu
rain-dance Altaria
rain-dance Lunatone
rain-dance Solrock
rain-dance Barboach
rain-dance Whiscash
rain-dance Corphish
rain-dance Crawdaunt
rain-dance Baltoy
rain-dance Claydol
rain-dance Feebas
rain-dance Milotic
rain-dance Duskull
rain-dance Dusclops
rain-dance Absol
rain-dance Snorunt
rain-dance Glalie
rain-dance Spheal
rain-dance Sealeo
rain-dance Walrein
rain-dance Relicanth
rain-dance Bagon
rain-dance Shelgon
rain-dance Salamence
rain-dance Metang
rain-dance Metagross
rain-dance Regice
rain-dance Registeel
rain-dance Latias
rain-dance Latios
rain-dance Kyogre
rain-dance Rayquaza
rain-dance Jirachi
rain-dance Shinx
rain-dance Luxio
rain-dance Luxray
rain-dance Budew
rain-dance Roserade
rain-dance Vespiquen
rain-dance Shellos
rain-dance Gastrodon
rain-dance Drifloon
rain-dance Drifblim
rain-dance Buneary
rain-dance Lopunny
rain-dance Stunky
rain-dance Skuntank
rain-dance Bronzor
rain-dance Bronzong
rain-dance Mime Jr.
rain-dance Happiny
rain-dance Spiritomb
rain-dance Gible
rain-dance Gabite
rain-dance Garchomp
rain-dance Munchlax
rain-dance Riolu
rain-dance Lucario
rain-dance Skorupi
rain-dance Drapion
rain-dance Croagunk
rain-dance Toxicroak
rain-dance Mantyke
rain-dance Snover
rain-dance Abomasnow
rain-dance Weavile
rain-dance Magnezone
rain-dance Lickilicky
rain-dance Rhyperior
rain-dance Electivire
rain-dance Togekiss
rain-dance Leafeon
rain-dance Glaceon
rain-dance Mamoswine
rain-dance Porygon-Z
rain-dance Gallade
rain-dance Dusknoir
rain-dance Froslass
rain-dance Rotom
rain-dance Rotom
rain-dance Rotom
rain-dance Rotom
rain-dance Rotom
rain-dance Rotom
rain-dance Uxie
rain-dance Mesprit
rain-dance Azelf
rain-dance Dialga
rain-dance Palkia
rain-dance Regigigas
rain-dance Giratina
rain-dance Giratina
rain-dance Cresselia
rain-dance Lillipup
rain-dance Herdier
rain-dance Stoutland
rain-dance Purrloin
rain-dance Liepard
rain-dance Munna
rain-dance Musharna
rain-dance Pidove
rain-dance Tranquill
rain-dance Unfezant
rain-dance Woobat
rain-dance Swoobat
rain-dance Audino
rain-dance Timburr
rain-dance Gurdurr
rain-dance Conkeldurr
rain-dance Tympole
rain-dance Palpitoad
rain-dance Seismitoad
rain-dance Throh
rain-dance Sawk
rain-dance Basculin
rain-dance Maractus
rain-dance Scraggy
rain-dance Scrafty
rain-dance Sigilyph
rain-dance Yamask
rain-dance Yamask
rain-dance Cofagrigus
rain-dance Tirtouga
rain-dance Carracosta
rain-dance Trubbish
rain-dance Garbodor
rain-dance Zorua
rain-dance Zoroark
rain-dance Minccino
rain-dance Cinccino
rain-dance Gothita
rain-dance Gothorita
rain-dance Gothitelle
rain-dance Solosis
rain-dance Duosion
rain-dance Reuniclus
rain-dance Vanillite
rain-dance Vanillish
rain-dance Vanilluxe
rain-dance Emolga
rain-dance Karrablast
rain-dance Escavalier
rain-dance Foongus
rain-dance Amoonguss
rain-dance Frillish
rain-dance Jellicent
rain-dance Joltik
rain-dance Galvantula
rain-dance Elgyem
rain-dance Beheeyem
rain-dance Axew
rain-dance Fraxure
rain-dance Haxorus
rain-dance Cubchoo
rain-dance Beartic
rain-dance Cryogonal
rain-dance Shelmet
rain-dance Accelgor
rain-dance Stunfisk
rain-dance Stunfisk
rain-dance Mienfoo
rain-dance Mienshao
rain-dance Druddigon
rain-dance Golett
rain-dance Golurk
rain-dance Pawniard
rain-dance Bisharp
rain-dance Bouffalant
rain-dance Rufflet
rain-dance Braviary
rain-dance Vullaby
rain-dance Mandibuzz
rain-dance Heatmor
rain-dance Deino
rain-dance Zweilous
rain-dance Hydreigon
rain-dance Tornadus
rain-dance Tornadus
rain-dance Thundurus
rain-dance Thundurus
rain-dance Reshiram
rain-dance Zekrom
rain-dance Kyurem
rain-dance Kyurem
rain-dance Kyurem
rain-dance Keldeo
rain-dance Pancham
rain-dance Pangoro
rain-dance Espurr
rain-dance Meowstic
rain-dance Meowstic
rain-dance Honedge
rain-dance Doublade
rain-dance Aegislash
rain-dance Aegislash
rain-dance Spritzee
rain-dance Aromatisse
rain-dance Swirlix
rain-dance Slurpuff
rain-dance Inkay
rain-dance Malamar
rain-dance Binacle
rain-dance Barbaracle
rain-dance Skrelp
rain-dance Dragalge
rain-dance Clauncher
rain-dance Clawitzer
rain-dance Helioptile
rain-dance Heliolisk
rain-dance Amaura
rain-dance Aurorus
rain-dance Sylveon
rain-dance Hawlucha
rain-dance Dedenne
rain-dance Goomy
rain-dance Sliggoo
rain-dance Goodra
rain-dance Klefki
rain-dance Bergmite
rain-dance Avalugg
rain-dance Xerneas
rain-dance Yveltal
rain-dance Volcanion
rain-dance Popplio
rain-dance Brionne
rain-dance Primarina
rain-dance Grubbin
rain-dance Charjabug
rain-dance Vikavolt
rain-dance Wishiwashi
rain-dance Mareanie
rain-dance Toxapex
rain-dance Dewpider
rain-dance Araquanid
rain-dance Shiinotic
rain-dance Oranguru
rain-dance Passimian
rain-dance Wimpod
rain-dance Golisopod
rain-dance Pyukumuku
rain-dance Type: Null
rain-dance Silvally
rain-dance Drampa
rain-dance Dhelmise
rain-dance Tapu Koko
rain-dance Tapu Fini
rain-dance Xurkitree
rain-dance Sobble
rain-dance Drizzile
rain-dance Inteleon
rain-dance Chewtle
rain-dance Drednaw
rain-dance Cramorant
rain-dance Arrokuda
rain-dance Barraskewda
rain-dance Obstagoon
rain-dance Perrserker
rain-dance Cursola
rain-dance Mr. Rime
rain-dance Runerigus
rain-dance Pincurchin
rain-dance Dracozolt
rain-dance Arctozolt
rain-dance Dracovish
rain-dance Arctovish
rain-dance Urshifu
rain-dance Regieleki
rapid-spin Squirtle
rapid-spin Wartortle
rapid-spin Blastoise
rapid-spin Sandshrew
rapid-spin Sandshrew
rapid-spin Sandslash
rapid-spin Sandslash
rapid-spin Staryu
rapid-spin Starmie
rapid-spin Mr. Mime
rapid-spin Hitmontop
rapid-spin Torkoal
rapid-spin Baltoy
rapid-spin Claydol
rapid-spin Drilbur
rapid-spin Excadrill
rapid-spin Cryogonal
rapid-spin Bergmite
rapid-spin Avalugg
rapid-spin Bounsweet
rapid-spin Steenee
rapid-spin Tsareena
rapid-spin Dhelmise
rapid-spin Pheromosa
rapid-spin Gossifleur
rapid-spin Eldegoss
rapid-spin Rolycoly
rapid-spin Carkol
rapid-spin Coalossal
rapid-spin Mr. Rime
rapid-spin Regieleki
rapid-spin Tentacool
rapid-spin Tentacruel
rapid-spin Hitmonlee
rapid-spin Hitmonchan
rapid-spin Kabuto
rapid-spin Delibird
rapid-spin Tyrogue
rapid-spin Hitmontop
rapid-spin Anorith
rapid-spin Turtonator
rapid-spin Morpeko
razor-leaf Bulbasaur
razor-leaf Ivysaur
razor-leaf Venusaur
razor-leaf Nuzleaf
razor-leaf Shiftry
razor-leaf Snover
razor-leaf Abomasnow
razor-leaf Leafeon
razor-leaf Cottonee
razor-leaf Whimsicott
razor-leaf Pumpkaboo
razor-leaf Gourgeist
razor-leaf Rowlet
razor-leaf Dartrix
razor-leaf Decidueye
razor-leaf Fomantis
razor-leaf Lurantis
razor-leaf Bounsweet
razor-leaf Steenee
razor-leaf Tsareena
razor-leaf Kartana
razor-leaf Grookey
razor-leaf Thwackey
razor-leaf Rillaboom
razor-leaf Gossifleur
razor-leaf Eldegoss
razor-leaf Oddish
razor-leaf Gloom
razor-leaf Vileplume
razor-leaf Bellossom
razor-leaf Lotad
razor-leaf Lombre
razor-leaf Ludicolo
razor-leaf Roselia
razor-leaf Budew
razor-leaf Roserade
razor-leaf Cherubi
razor-leaf Cherrim
razor-shell Shellder
razor-shell Cloyster
razor-shell Krabby
razor-shell Kingler
razor-shell Corphish
razor-shell Crawdaunt
razor-shell Binacle
razor-shell Barbaracle
razor-shell Golisopod
razor-shell Drednaw
razor-shell Slowbro
razor-shell Slowbro
razor-shell Shellder
razor-shell Cloyster
razor-shell Krabby
razor-shell Kingler
razor-shell Kabutops
razor-shell Mew
razor-shell Slowking
razor-shell Slowking
razor-shell Corphish
razor-shell Crawdaunt
razor-shell Carracosta
razor-shell Escavalier
razor-shell Binacle
razor-shell Barbaracle
razor-shell Golisopod
razor-shell Drednaw
razor-wind Scyther
razor-wind Scizor
razor-wind Nuzleaf
razor-wind Absol
razor-wind Buizel
razor-wind Floatzel
razor-wind Pidove
razor-wind Tranquill
razor-wind Unfezant
razor-wind Fletchling
razor-wind Fletchinder
razor-wind Talonflame
razor-wind Helioptile
razor-wind Heliolisk
razor-wind Noibat
razor-wind Noivern
razor-wind Yveltal
razor-wind Type: Null
razor-wind Silvally
razor-wind Spearow
razor-wind Fearow
razor-wind Horsea
razor-wind Seadra
razor-wind Scyther
razor-wind Girafarig
razor-wind Gligar
razor-wind Scizor
razor-wind Kingdra
razor-wind Treecko
razor-wind Grovyle
razor-wind Sceptile
razor-wind Seedot
razor-wind Nuzleaf
razor-wind Shiftry
razor-wind Zangoose
razor-wind Tropius
razor-wind Gliscor
razor-wind Sewaddle
razor-wind Swadloon
razor-wind Leavanny
razor-wind Axew
razor-wind Fraxure
razor-wind Haxorus
razor-wind Drampa
razor-wind Bulbasaur
razor-wind Ivysaur
razor-wind Venusaur
razor-wind Butterfree
razor-wind Pidgey
razor-wind Pidgeotto
razor-wind Pidgeot
razor-wind Zubat
razor-wind Golbat
razor-wind Venomoth
razor-wind Farfetch'd
razor-wind Kabutops
razor-wind Aerodactyl
razor-wind Articuno
razor-wind Zapdos
razor-wind Moltres
razor-wind Dragonite
razor-wind Mew
razor-wind Totodile
razor-wind Croconaw
razor-wind Feraligatr
recover Kadabra
recover Alakazam
recover Staryu
recover Starmie
recover Porygon
recover Articuno
recover Mewtwo
recover Corsola
recover Porygon2
recover Lugia
recover Ho-oh
recover Celebi
recover Milotic
recover Latias
recover Latios
recover Shellos
recover Gastrodon
recover Porygon-Z
recover Solosis
recover Duosion
recover Reuniclus
recover Frillish
recover Jellicent
recover Elgyem
recover Beheeyem
recover Cryogonal
recover Shelmet
recover Accelgor
recover Bergmite
recover Avalugg
recover Mareanie
recover Toxapex
recover Pyukumuku
recover Appletun
recover Milcery
recover Alcremie
recover Pincurchin
recover Eternatus
recover Wooper
recover Quagsire
recover Sableye
recover Lileep
recover Blipbug
recover Dottler
recover Orbeetle
recycle Mr. Mime
recycle Mr. Mime
recycle Porygon
recycle Snorlax
recycle Porygon2
recycle Mime Jr.
recycle Munchlax
recycle Porygon-Z
recycle Trubbish
recycle Garbodor
recycle Klefki
recycle Flapple
recycle Appletun
recycle Mr. Rime
recycle Applin
recycle Flapple
recycle Appletun
reflect Kadabra
reflect Alakazam
reflect Exeggcute
reflect Exeggutor
reflect Exeggutor
reflect Mr. Mime
reflect Mr. Mime
reflect Articuno
reflect Articuno
reflect Hoothoot
reflect Noctowl
reflect Raikou
reflect Mime Jr.
reflect Sigilyph
reflect Solosis
reflect Duosion
reflect Reuniclus
reflect Cryogonal
reflect Espurr
reflect Meowstic
reflect Meowstic
reflect Dottler
reflect Orbeetle
reflect Mr. Rime
reflect Pikachu
reflect Raichu
reflect Raichu
reflect Clefairy
reflect Clefable
reflect Jigglypuff
reflect Wigglytuff
reflect Abra
reflect Kadabra
reflect Alakazam
reflect Magnemite
reflect Magneton
reflect Exeggcute
reflect Exeggutor
reflect Exeggutor
reflect Tangela
reflect Staryu
reflect Starmie
reflect Mr. Mime
reflect Mr. Mime
reflect Jynx
reflect Articuno
reflect Articuno
reflect Mewtwo
reflect Mew
reflect Hoothoot
reflect Noctowl
reflect Pichu
reflect Cleffa
reflect Igglybuff
reflect Togepi
reflect Togetic
reflect Natu
reflect Xatu
reflect Espeon
reflect Sneasel
reflect Swinub
reflect Piloswine
reflect Corsola
reflect Corsola
reflect Smoochum
reflect Raikou
reflect Entei
reflect Suicune
reflect Lugia
reflect Ho-oh
reflect Celebi
reflect Ralts
reflect Kirlia
reflect Gardevoir
reflect Lunatone
reflect Solrock
reflect Baltoy
reflect Claydol
reflect Metang
reflect Metagross
reflect Latias
reflect Latios
reflect Jirachi
reflect Bronzor
reflect Bronzong
reflect Mime Jr.
reflect Weavile
reflect Magnezone
reflect Tangrowth
reflect Togekiss
reflect Mamoswine
reflect Gallade
reflect Froslass
reflect Rotom
reflect Rotom
reflect Rotom
reflect Rotom
reflect Rotom
reflect Rotom
reflect Uxie
reflect Mesprit
reflect Azelf
reflect Cresselia
reflect Munna
reflect Musharna
reflect Woobat
reflect Swoobat
reflect Audino
reflect Sigilyph
reflect Gothita
reflect Gothorita
reflect Gothitelle
reflect Solosis
reflect Duosion
reflect Reuniclus
reflect Elgyem
reflect Beheeyem
reflect Cryogonal
reflect Mienfoo
reflect Mienshao
reflect Hydreigon
reflect Cobalion
reflect Terrakion
reflect Virizion
reflect Reshiram
reflect Zekrom
reflect Kyurem
reflect Kyurem
reflect Kyurem
reflect Keldeo
reflect Genesect
reflect Espurr
reflect Meowstic
reflect Meowstic
reflect Honedge
reflect Doublade
reflect Aegislash
reflect Aegislash
reflect Spritzee
reflect Aromatisse
reflect Inkay
reflect Malamar
reflect Amaura
reflect Aurorus
reflect Sylveon
reflect Carbink
reflect Klefki
reflect Phantump
reflect Trevenant
reflect Xerneas
reflect Diancie
reflect Primarina
reflect Cutiefly
reflect Ribombee
reflect Araquanid
reflect Bounsweet
reflect Steenee
reflect Tsareena
reflect Oranguru
reflect Pyukumuku
reflect Togedemaru
reflect Tapu Koko
reflect Tapu Lele
reflect Tapu Bulu
reflect Tapu Fini
reflect Solgaleo
reflect Lunala
reflect Xurkitree
reflect Necrozma
reflect Magearna
reflect Stakataka
reflect Sobble
reflect Drizzile
reflect Inteleon
reflect Corviknight
reflect Dottler
reflect Orbeetle
reflect Rolycoly
reflect Carkol
reflect Coalossal
reflect Appletun
reflect Polteageist
reflect Morgrem
reflect Grimmsnarl
reflect Cursola
reflect Mr. Rime
reflect Frosmoth
reflect Eiscue
reflect Indeedee
reflect Duraludon
reflect Dragapult
reflect Zamazenta
reflect Eternatus
reflect Regieleki
reflect Regidrago
reflect Calyrex
reflect Calyrex
reflect Calyrex
reflect-type Tentacruel
reflect-type Gengar
reflect-type Mew
reflect-type Latias
reflect-type Gastly
reflect-type Haunter
reflect-type Gengar
reflect-type Omanyte
reflect-type Stunfisk
reflect-type Stunfisk
refresh Lickitung
refresh Chansey
refresh Eevee
refresh Corsola
refresh Blissey
refresh Swablu
refresh Altaria
refresh Milotic
refresh Milotic
refresh Latias
refresh Latios
refresh Jirachi
refresh Happiny
refresh Lickilicky
refresh Arceus
refresh Audino
refresh Tapu Fini
refresh Squirtle
refresh Wartortle
refresh Blastoise
refresh Psyduck
refresh Golduck
refresh Poliwag
refresh Poliwhirl
refresh Poliwrath
refresh Lapras
refresh Chikorita
refresh Bayleef
refresh Meganium
refresh Natu
refresh Xatu
refresh Marill
refresh Azumarill
refresh Politoed
refresh Mudkip
refresh Marshtomp
refresh Swampert
refresh Taillow
refresh Swellow
refresh Azurill
refresh Clamperl
refresh Huntail
refresh Gorebyss
refresh Tympole
refresh Palpitoad
refresh Seismitoad
refresh Alomomola
refresh Furfrou
refresh Spritzee
refresh Aromatisse
relic-song Meloetta
rest Jigglypuff
rest Wigglytuff
rest Tauros
rest Snorlax
rest Shuckle
rest Zigzagoon
rest Zigzagoon
rest Linoone
rest Linoone
rest Whismur
rest Loudred
rest Exploud
rest Wailmer
rest Wailord
rest Barboach
rest Whiscash
rest Spheal
rest Sealeo
rest Walrein
rest Relicanth
rest Groudon
rest Rayquaza
rest Jirachi
rest Hippopotas
rest Hippowdon
rest Uxie
rest Mesprit
rest Azelf
rest Cubchoo
rest Beartic
rest Dedenne
rest Skwovet
rest Greedent
rest Obstagoon
rest Bulbasaur
rest Ivysaur
rest Venusaur
rest Charmander
rest Charmeleon
rest Charizard
rest Squirtle
rest Wartortle
rest Blastoise
rest Butterfree
rest Pikachu
rest Raichu
rest Raichu
rest Sandshrew
rest Sandshrew
rest Sandslash
rest Sandslash
rest Nidoran♀
rest Nidorina
rest Nidoqueen
rest Nidoran♂
rest Nidorino
rest Nidoking
rest Clefairy
rest Clefable
rest Vulpix
rest Vulpix
rest Ninetales
rest Ninetales
rest Jigglypuff
rest Wigglytuff
rest Zubat
rest Golbat
rest Oddish
rest Gloom
rest Vileplume
rest Diglett
rest Diglett
rest Dugtrio
rest Dugtrio
rest Meowth
rest Meowth
rest Meowth
rest Persian
rest Persian
rest Psyduck
rest Golduck
rest Growlithe
rest Arcanine
rest Poliwag
rest Poliwhirl
rest Poliwrath
rest Abra
rest Kadabra
rest Alakazam
rest Machop
rest Machoke
rest Machamp
rest Tentacool
rest Tentacruel
rest Ponyta
rest Ponyta
rest Rapidash
rest Rapidash
rest Slowpoke
rest Slowpoke
rest Slowbro
rest Slowbro
rest Magnemite
rest Magneton
rest Farfetch'd
rest Farfetch'd
rest Shellder
rest Cloyster
rest Gastly
rest Haunter
rest Gengar
rest Onix
rest Krabby
rest Kingler
rest Exeggcute
rest Exeggutor
rest Exeggutor
rest Cubone
rest Marowak
rest Marowak
rest Hitmonlee
rest Hitmonchan
rest Lickitung
rest Koffing
rest Weezing
rest Weezing
rest Rhyhorn
rest Rhydon
rest Chansey
rest Tangela
rest Kangaskhan
rest Horsea
rest Seadra
rest Goldeen
rest Seaking
rest Staryu
rest Starmie
rest Mr. Mime
rest Mr. Mime
rest Scyther
rest Jynx
rest Electabuzz
rest Magmar
rest Pinsir
rest Tauros
rest Gyarados
rest Lapras
rest Eevee
rest Vaporeon
rest Jolteon
rest Flareon
rest Porygon
rest Omanyte
rest Omastar
rest Kabuto
rest Kabutops
rest Aerodactyl
rest Snorlax
rest Articuno
rest Articuno
rest Zapdos
rest Zapdos
rest Moltres
rest Moltres
rest Dratini
rest Dragonair
rest Dragonite
rest Mewtwo
rest Mew
rest Hoothoot
rest Noctowl
rest Crobat
rest Chinchou
rest Lanturn
rest Pichu
rest Cleffa
rest Igglybuff
rest Togepi
rest Togetic
rest Natu
rest Xatu
rest Bellossom
rest Marill
rest Azumarill
rest Sudowoodo
rest Politoed
rest Wooper
rest Quagsire
rest Espeon
rest Umbreon
rest Slowking
rest Slowking
rest Dunsparce
rest Steelix
rest Qwilfish
rest Scizor
rest Shuckle
rest Heracross
rest Sneasel
rest Swinub
rest Piloswine
rest Corsola
rest Corsola
rest Remoraid
rest Octillery
rest Delibird
rest Mantine
rest Skarmory
rest Kingdra
rest Porygon2
rest Tyrogue
rest Hitmontop
rest Smoochum
rest Elekid
rest Magby
rest Miltank
rest Blissey
rest Raikou
rest Entei
rest Suicune
rest Larvitar
rest Pupitar
rest Tyranitar
rest Lugia
rest Ho-oh
rest Celebi
rest Treecko
rest Grovyle
rest Sceptile
rest Torchic
rest Combusken
rest Blaziken
rest Mudkip
rest Marshtomp
rest Swampert
rest Zigzagoon
rest Zigzagoon
rest Linoone
rest Linoone
rest Lotad
rest Lombre
rest Ludicolo
rest Seedot
rest Nuzleaf
rest Shiftry
rest Wingull
rest Pelipper
rest Ralts
rest Kirlia
rest Gardevoir
rest Nincada
rest Ninjask
rest Shedinja
rest Whismur
rest Loudred
rest Exploud
rest Azurill
rest Sableye
rest Mawile
rest Aron
rest Lairon
rest Aggron
rest Electrike
rest Manectric
rest Roselia
rest Carvanha
rest Sharpedo
rest Wailmer
rest Wailord
rest Torkoal
rest Trapinch
rest Vibrava
rest Flygon
rest Swablu
rest Altaria
rest Lunatone
rest Solrock
rest Barboach
rest Whiscash
rest Corphish
rest Crawdaunt
rest Baltoy
rest Claydol
rest Lileep
rest Cradily
rest Anorith
rest Armaldo
rest Feebas
rest Milotic
rest Duskull
rest Dusclops
rest Absol
rest Snorunt
rest Glalie
rest Spheal
rest Sealeo
rest Walrein
rest Relicanth
rest Bagon
rest Shelgon
rest Salamence
rest Metang
rest Metagross
rest Regirock
rest Regice
rest Registeel
rest Latias
rest Latios
rest Kyogre
rest Groudon
rest Rayquaza
rest Jirachi
rest Shinx
rest Luxio
rest Luxray
rest Budew
rest Roserade
rest Vespiquen
rest Cherubi
rest Cherrim
rest Shellos
rest Gastrodon
rest Drifloon
rest Drifblim
rest Buneary
rest Lopunny
rest Stunky
rest Skuntank
rest Bronzor
rest Bronzong
rest Bonsly
rest Mime Jr.
rest Happiny
rest Spiritomb
rest Gible
rest Gabite
rest Garchomp
rest Munchlax
rest Riolu
rest Lucario
rest Hippopotas
rest Hippowdon
rest Skorupi
rest Drapion
rest Croagunk
rest Toxicroak
rest Mantyke
rest Snover
rest Abomasnow
rest Weavile
rest Magnezone
rest Lickilicky
rest Rhyperior
rest Tangrowth
rest Electivire
rest Magmortar
rest Togekiss
rest Leafeon
rest Glaceon
rest Mamoswine
rest Porygon-Z
rest Gallade
rest Dusknoir
rest Froslass
rest Rotom
rest Rotom
rest Rotom
rest Rotom
rest Rotom
rest Rotom
rest Uxie
rest Mesprit
rest Azelf
rest Dialga
rest Palkia
rest Heatran
rest Regigigas
rest Giratina
rest Giratina
rest Cresselia
rest Victini
rest Lillipup
rest Herdier
rest Stoutland
rest Purrloin
rest Liepard
rest Munna
rest Musharna
rest Pidove
rest Tranquill
rest Unfezant
rest Roggenrola
rest Boldore
rest Gigalith
rest Woobat
rest Swoobat
rest Drilbur
rest Excadrill
rest Audino
rest Timburr
rest Gurdurr
rest Conkeldurr
rest Tympole
rest Palpitoad
rest Seismitoad
rest Throh
rest Sawk
rest Venipede
rest Whirlipede
rest Scolipede
rest Cottonee
rest Whimsicott
rest Petilil
rest Lilligant
rest Basculin
rest Sandile
rest Krokorok
rest Krookodile
rest Darumaka
rest Darumaka
rest Darmanitan
rest Darmanitan
rest Maractus
rest Dwebble
rest Crustle
rest Scraggy
rest Scrafty
rest Sigilyph
rest Yamask
rest Yamask
rest Cofagrigus
rest Tirtouga
rest Carracosta
rest Archen
rest Archeops
rest Trubbish
rest Garbodor
rest Zorua
rest Zoroark
rest Minccino
rest Cinccino
rest Gothita
rest Gothorita
rest Gothitelle
rest Solosis
rest Duosion
rest Reuniclus
rest Vanillite
rest Vanillish
rest Vanilluxe
rest Emolga
rest Karrablast
rest Escavalier
rest Foongus
rest Amoonguss
rest Frillish
rest Jellicent
rest Joltik
rest Galvantula
rest Ferroseed
rest Ferrothorn
rest Klink
rest Klang
rest Klinklang
rest Elgyem
rest Beheeyem
rest Litwick
rest Lampent
rest Chandelure
rest Axew
rest Fraxure
rest Haxorus
rest Cubchoo
rest Beartic
rest Cryogonal
rest Shelmet
rest Accelgor
rest Stunfisk
rest Stunfisk
rest Mienfoo
rest Mienshao
rest Druddigon
rest Golett
rest Golurk
rest Pawniard
rest Bisharp
rest Bouffalant
rest Rufflet
rest Braviary
rest Vullaby
rest Mandibuzz
rest Heatmor
rest Durant
rest Deino
rest Zweilous
rest Hydreigon
rest Larvesta
rest Volcarona
rest Cobalion
rest Terrakion
rest Virizion
rest Tornadus
rest Tornadus
rest Thundurus
rest Thundurus
rest Reshiram
rest Zekrom
rest Landorus
rest Landorus
rest Kyurem
rest Kyurem
rest Kyurem
rest Keldeo
rest Genesect
rest Bunnelby
rest Diggersby
rest Fletchling
rest Fletchinder
rest Talonflame
rest Pancham
rest Pangoro
rest Espurr
rest Meowstic
rest Meowstic
rest Honedge
rest Doublade
rest Aegislash
rest Aegislash
rest Spritzee
rest Aromatisse
rest Swirlix
rest Slurpuff
rest Inkay
rest Malamar
rest Binacle
rest Barbaracle
rest Skrelp
rest Dragalge
rest Clauncher
rest Clawitzer
rest Helioptile
rest Heliolisk
rest Tyrunt
rest Tyrantrum
rest Amaura
rest Aurorus
rest Sylveon
rest Hawlucha
rest Dedenne
rest Carbink
rest Goomy
rest Sliggoo
rest Goodra
rest Klefki
rest Phantump
rest Trevenant
rest Pumpkaboo
rest Gourgeist
rest Bergmite
rest Avalugg
rest Noibat
rest Noivern
rest Xerneas
rest Yveltal
rest Zygarde
rest Diancie
rest Volcanion
rest Rowlet
rest Dartrix
rest Decidueye
rest Litten
rest Torracat
rest Incineroar
rest Popplio
rest Brionne
rest Primarina
rest Grubbin
rest Charjabug
rest Vikavolt
rest Cutiefly
rest Ribombee
rest Rockruff
rest Lycanroc
rest Lycanroc
rest Lycanroc
rest Wishiwashi
rest Mareanie
rest Toxapex
rest Mudbray
rest Mudsdale
rest Dewpider
rest Araquanid
rest Fomantis
rest Lurantis
rest Morelull
rest Shiinotic
rest Salandit
rest Salazzle
rest Stufful
rest Bewear
rest Bounsweet
rest Steenee
rest Tsareena
rest Comfey
rest Oranguru
rest Passimian
rest Wimpod
rest Golisopod
rest Sandygast
rest Palossand
rest Pyukumuku
rest Type: Null
rest Silvally
rest Turtonator
rest Togedemaru
rest Mimikyu
rest Drampa
rest Dhelmise
rest Jangmo-o
rest Hakamo-o
rest Kommo-o
rest Tapu Koko
rest Tapu Lele
rest Tapu Bulu
rest Tapu Fini
rest Solgaleo
rest Lunala
rest Nihilego
rest Buzzwole
rest Pheromosa
rest Xurkitree
rest Celesteela
rest Kartana
rest Guzzlord
rest Necrozma
rest Magearna
rest Marshadow
rest Poipole
rest Naganadel
rest Stakataka
rest Blacephalon
rest Zeraora
rest Meltan
rest Melmetal
rest Grookey
rest Thwackey
rest Rillaboom
rest Scorbunny
rest Raboot
rest Cinderace
rest Sobble
rest Drizzile
rest Inteleon
rest Skwovet
rest Greedent
rest Rookidee
rest Corvisquire
rest Corviknight
rest Dottler
rest Orbeetle
rest Nickit
rest Thievul
rest Gossifleur
rest Eldegoss
rest Wooloo
rest Dubwool
rest Chewtle
rest Drednaw
rest Yamper
rest Boltund
rest Rolycoly
rest Carkol
rest Coalossal
rest Flapple
rest Appletun
rest Silicobra
rest Sandaconda
rest Cramorant
rest Arrokuda
rest Barraskewda
rest Toxel
rest Toxtricity
rest Toxtricity
rest Sizzlipede
rest Centiskorch
rest Clobbopus
rest Grapploct
rest Sinistea
rest Polteageist
rest Hatenna
rest Hattrem
rest Hatterene
rest Impidimp
rest Morgrem
rest Grimmsnarl
rest Obstagoon
rest Perrserker
rest Cursola
rest Sirfetch'd
rest Mr. Rime
rest Runerigus
rest Milcery
rest Alcremie
rest Falinks
rest Pincurchin
rest Snom
rest Frosmoth
rest Stonjourner
rest Eiscue
rest Indeedee
rest Indeedee
rest Morpeko
rest Cufant
rest Copperajah
rest Dracozolt
rest Arctozolt
rest Dracovish
rest Arctovish
rest Duraludon
rest Dreepy
rest Drakloak
rest Dragapult
rest Zacian
rest Zamazenta
rest Eternatus
rest Kubfu
rest Urshifu
rest Urshifu
rest Zarude
rest Regieleki
rest Regidrago
rest Glastrier
rest Spectrier
rest Calyrex
rest Calyrex
rest Calyrex
retaliate Growlithe
retaliate Arcanine
retaliate Cubone
retaliate Marowak
retaliate Marowak
retaliate Lillipup
retaliate Herdier
retaliate Stoutland
retaliate Sawk
retaliate Cobalion
retaliate Terrakion
retaliate Virizion
retaliate Keldeo
retaliate Honedge
retaliate Doublade
retaliate Aegislash
retaliate Aegislash
retaliate Clefairy
retaliate Clefable
retaliate Jigglypuff
retaliate Wigglytuff
retaliate Meowth
retaliate Meowth
retaliate Meowth
retaliate Persian
retaliate Persian
retaliate Growlithe
retaliate Arcanine
retaliate Machop
retaliate Machoke
retaliate Machamp
retaliate Farfetch'd
retaliate Farfetch'd
retaliate Cubone
retaliate Marowak
retaliate Marowak
retaliate Hitmonlee
retaliate Hitmonchan
retaliate Lickitung
retaliate Chansey
retaliate Kangaskhan
retaliate Tauros
retaliate Eevee
retaliate Vaporeon
retaliate Jolteon
retaliate Flareon
retaliate Snorlax
retaliate Zapdos
retaliate Mew
retaliate Togetic
retaliate Espeon
retaliate Umbreon
retaliate Dunsparce
retaliate Heracross
retaliate Sneasel
retaliate Tyrogue
retaliate Hitmontop
retaliate Miltank
retaliate Blissey
retaliate Larvitar
retaliate Pupitar
retaliate Tyranitar
retaliate Zigzagoon
retaliate Zigzagoon
retaliate Linoone
retaliate Linoone
retaliate Seedot
retaliate Nuzleaf
retaliate Shiftry
retaliate Whismur
retaliate Loudred
retaliate Exploud
retaliate Sableye
retaliate Carvanha
retaliate Sharpedo
retaliate Crawdaunt
retaliate Absol
retaliate Latias
retaliate Latios
retaliate Buneary
retaliate Lopunny
retaliate Spiritomb
retaliate Munchlax
retaliate Riolu
retaliate Lucario
retaliate Drapion
retaliate Croagunk
retaliate Toxicroak
retaliate Weavile
retaliate Lickilicky
retaliate Togekiss
retaliate Leafeon
retaliate Glaceon
retaliate Gallade
retaliate Regigigas
retaliate Lillipup
retaliate Herdier
retaliate Stoutland
retaliate Audino
retaliate Timburr
retaliate Gurdurr
retaliate Conkeldurr
retaliate Throh
retaliate Sawk
retaliate Sandile
retaliate Krokorok
retaliate Krookodile
retaliate Scraggy
retaliate Scrafty
retaliate Zorua
retaliate Zoroark
retaliate Minccino
retaliate Cinccino
retaliate Mienfoo
retaliate Mienshao
retaliate Druddigon
retaliate Pawniard
retaliate Bisharp
retaliate Bouffalant
retaliate Rufflet
retaliate Braviary
retaliate Vullaby
retaliate Mandibuzz
retaliate Durant
retaliate Cobalion
retaliate Terrakion
retaliate Virizion
retaliate Keldeo
retaliate Pancham
retaliate Pangoro
retaliate Honedge
retaliate Doublade
retaliate Aegislash
retaliate Aegislash
retaliate Inkay
retaliate Malamar
retaliate Sylveon
retaliate Hawlucha
retaliate Dedenne
retaliate Zygarde
retaliate Passimian
retaliate Rookidee
retaliate Corvisquire
retaliate Corviknight
retaliate Dubwool
retaliate Clobbopus
retaliate Grapploct
retaliate Impidimp
retaliate Morgrem
retaliate Grimmsnarl
retaliate Obstagoon
retaliate Perrserker
retaliate Sirfetch'd
retaliate Falinks
retaliate Zacian
retaliate Zamazenta
retaliate Kubfu
retaliate Urshifu
retaliate Urshifu
return Lopunny
return Bulbasaur
return Ivysaur
return Venusaur
return Charmander
return Charmeleon
return Charizard
return Squirtle
return Wartortle
return Blastoise
return Butterfree
return Beedrill
return Pidgey
return Pidgeotto
return Pidgeot
return Rattata
return Rattata
return Raticate
return Raticate
return Spearow
return Fearow
return Ekans
return Arbok
return Pikachu
return Raichu
return Raichu
return Sandshrew
return Sandshrew
return Sandslash
return Sandslash
return Nidoran♀
return Nidorina
return Nidoqueen
return Nidoran♂
return Nidorino
return Nidoking
return Clefairy
return Clefable
return Vulpix
return Vulpix
return Ninetales
return Ninetales
return Jigglypuff
return Wigglytuff
return Zubat
return Golbat
return Oddish
return Gloom
return Vileplume
return Paras
return Parasect
return Venonat
return Venomoth
return Diglett
return Diglett
return Dugtrio
return Dugtrio
return Meowth
return Meowth
return Persian
return Persian
return Psyduck
return Golduck
return Mankey
return Primeape
return Growlithe
return Arcanine
return Poliwag
return Poliwhirl
return Poliwrath
return Abra
return Kadabra
return Alakazam
return Machop
return Machoke
return Machamp
return Bellsprout
return Weepinbell
return Victreebel
return Tentacool
return Tentacruel
return Geodude
return Geodude
return Graveler
return Graveler
return Golem
return Golem
return Ponyta
return Rapidash
return Slowpoke
return Slowbro
return Magnemite
return Magneton
return Farfetch'd
return Doduo
return Dodrio
return Seel
return Dewgong
return Grimer
return Grimer
return Muk
return Muk
return Shellder
return Cloyster
return Gastly
return Haunter
return Gengar
return Onix
return Drowzee
return Hypno
return Krabby
return Kingler
return Voltorb
return Electrode
return Exeggcute
return Exeggutor
return Exeggutor
return Cubone
return Marowak
return Marowak
return Hitmonlee
return Hitmonchan
return Lickitung
return Koffing
return Weezing
return Rhyhorn
return Rhydon
return Chansey
return Tangela
return Kangaskhan
return Horsea
return Seadra
return Goldeen
return Seaking
return Staryu
return Starmie
return Mr. Mime
return Scyther
return Jynx
return Electabuzz
return Magmar
return Pinsir
return Tauros
return Gyarados
return Lapras
return Eevee
return Vaporeon
return Jolteon
return Flareon
return Porygon
return Omanyte
return Omastar
return Kabuto
return Kabutops
return Aerodactyl
return Snorlax
return Articuno
return Zapdos
return Moltres
return Dratini
return Dragonair
return Dragonite
return Mewtwo
return Mew
return Chikorita
return Bayleef
return Meganium
return Cyndaquil
return Quilava
return Typhlosion
return Totodile
return Croconaw
return Feraligatr
return Sentret
return Furret
return Hoothoot
return Noctowl
return Ledyba
return Ledian
return Spinarak
return Ariados
return Crobat
return Chinchou
return Lanturn
return Pichu
return Cleffa
return Igglybuff
return Togepi
return Togetic
return Natu
return Xatu
return Mareep
return Flaaffy
return Ampharos
return Bellossom
return Marill
return Azumarill
return Sudowoodo
return Politoed
return Hoppip
return Skiploom
return Jumpluff
return Aipom
return Sunkern
return Sunflora
return Yanma
return Wooper
return Quagsire
return Espeon
return Umbreon
return Murkrow
return Slowking
return Misdreavus
return Girafarig
return Pineco
return Forretress
return Dunsparce
return Gligar
return Steelix
return Snubbull
return Granbull
return Qwilfish
return Scizor
return Shuckle
return Heracross
return Sneasel
return Teddiursa
return Ursaring
return Slugma
return Magcargo
return Swinub
return Piloswine
return Corsola
return Remoraid
return Octillery
return Delibird
return Mantine
return Skarmory
return Houndour
return Houndoom
return Kingdra
return Phanpy
return Donphan
return Porygon2
return Stantler
return Tyrogue
return Hitmontop
return Smoochum
return Elekid
return Magby
return Miltank
return Blissey
return Raikou
return Entei
return Suicune
return Larvitar
return Pupitar
return Tyranitar
return Lugia
return Ho-oh
return Celebi
return Treecko
return Grovyle
return Sceptile
return Torchic
return Combusken
return Blaziken
return Mudkip
return Marshtomp
return Swampert
return Poochyena
return Mightyena
return Zigzagoon
return Linoone
return Beautifly
return Dustox
return Lotad
return Lombre
return Ludicolo
return Seedot
return Nuzleaf
return Shiftry
return Taillow
return Swellow
return Wingull
return Pelipper
return Ralts
return Kirlia
return Gardevoir
return Surskit
return Masquerain
return Shroomish
return Breloom
return Slakoth
return Vigoroth
return Slaking
return Nincada
return Ninjask
return Shedinja
return Whismur
return Loudred
return Exploud
return Makuhita
return Hariyama
return Azurill
return Nosepass
return Skitty
return Delcatty
return Sableye
return Mawile
return Aron
return Lairon
return Aggron
return Meditite
return Medicham
return Electrike
return Manectric
return Plusle
return Minun
return Volbeat
return Illumise
return Roselia
return Gulpin
return Swalot
return Carvanha
return Sharpedo
return Wailmer
return Wailord
return Numel
return Camerupt
return Torkoal
return Spoink
return Grumpig
return Spinda
return Trapinch
return Vibrava
return Flygon
return Cacnea
return Cacturne
return Swablu
return Altaria
return Zangoose
return Seviper
return Lunatone
return Solrock
return Barboach
return Whiscash
return Corphish
return Crawdaunt
return Baltoy
return Claydol
return Lileep
return Cradily
return Anorith
return Armaldo
return Feebas
return Milotic
return Castform
return Kecleon
return Shuppet
return Banette
return Duskull
return Dusclops
return Tropius
return Chimecho
return Absol
return Snorunt
return Glalie
return Spheal
return Sealeo
return Walrein
return Clamperl
return Huntail
return Gorebyss
return Relicanth
return Luvdisc
return Bagon
return Shelgon
return Salamence
return Metang
return Metagross
return Regirock
return Regice
return Registeel
return Latias
return Latios
return Kyogre
return Groudon
return Rayquaza
return Jirachi
return Deoxys
return Deoxys
return Deoxys
return Deoxys
return Turtwig
return Grotle
return Torterra
return Chimchar
return Monferno
return Infernape
return Piplup
return Prinplup
return Empoleon
return Starly
return Staravia
return Staraptor
return Bidoof
return Bibarel
return Kricketune
return Shinx
return Luxio
return Luxray
return Budew
return Roserade
return Cranidos
return Rampardos
return Shieldon
return Bastiodon
return Wormadam
return Wormadam
return Wormadam
return Mothim
return Vespiquen
return Pachirisu
return Buizel
return Floatzel
return Cherubi
return Cherrim
return Shellos
return Gastrodon
return Ambipom
return Drifloon
return Drifblim
return Buneary
return Lopunny
return Mismagius
return Honchkrow
return Glameow
return Purugly
return Chingling
return Stunky
return Skuntank
return Bronzor
return Bronzong
return Bonsly
return Mime Jr.
return Happiny
return Chatot
return Spiritomb
return Gible
return Gabite
return Garchomp
return Munchlax
return Riolu
return Lucario
return Hippopotas
return Hippowdon
return Skorupi
return Drapion
return Croagunk
return Toxicroak
return Carnivine
return Finneon
return Lumineon
return Mantyke
return Snover
return Abomasnow
return Weavile
return Magnezone
return Lickilicky
return Rhyperior
return Tangrowth
return Electivire
return Magmortar
return Togekiss
return Yanmega
return Leafeon
return Glaceon
return Gliscor
return Mamoswine
return Porygon-Z
return Gallade
return Probopass
return Dusknoir
return Froslass
return Rotom
return Rotom
return Rotom
return Rotom
return Rotom
return Rotom
return Uxie
return Mesprit
return Azelf
return Dialga
return Palkia
return Heatran
return Regigigas
return Giratina
return Giratina
return Cresselia
return Phione
return Manaphy
return Darkrai
return Shaymin
return Shaymin
return Arceus
return Victini
return Snivy
return Servine
return Serperior
return Tepig
return Pignite
return Emboar
return Oshawott
return Dewott
return Samurott
return Patrat
return Watchog
return Lillipup
return Herdier
return Stoutland
return Purrloin
return Liepard
return Pansage
return Simisage
return Pansear
return Simisear
return Panpour
return Simipour
return Munna
return Musharna
return Pidove
return Tranquill
return Unfezant
return Blitzle
return Zebstrika
return Roggenrola
return Boldore
return Gigalith
return Woobat
return Swoobat
return Drilbur
return Excadrill
return Audino
return Timburr
return Gurdurr
return Conkeldurr
return Tympole
return Palpitoad
return Seismitoad
return Throh
return Sawk
return Sewaddle
return Swadloon
return Leavanny
return Venipede
return Whirlipede
return Scolipede
return Cottonee
return Whimsicott
return Petilil
return Lilligant
return Basculin
return Sandile
return Krokorok
return Krookodile
return Darumaka
return Darmanitan
return Maractus
return Dwebble
return Crustle
return Scraggy
return Scrafty
return Sigilyph
return Yamask
return Cofagrigus
return Tirtouga
return Carracosta
return Archen
return Archeops
return Trubbish
return Garbodor
return Zorua
return Zoroark
return Minccino
return Cinccino
return Gothita
return Gothorita
return Gothitelle
return Solosis
return Duosion
return Reuniclus
return Ducklett
return Swanna
return Vanillite
return Vanillish
return Vanilluxe
return Deerling
return Sawsbuck
return Emolga
return Karrablast
return Escavalier
return Foongus
return Amoonguss
return Frillish
return Jellicent
return Alomomola
return Joltik
return Galvantula
return Ferroseed
return Ferrothorn
return Klink
return Klang
return Klinklang
return Eelektrik
return Eelektross
return Elgyem
return Beheeyem
return Litwick
return Lampent
return Chandelure
return Axew
return Fraxure
return Haxorus
return Cubchoo
return Beartic
return Cryogonal
return Shelmet
return Accelgor
return Stunfisk
return Mienfoo
return Mienshao
return Druddigon
return Golett
return Golurk
return Pawniard
return Bisharp
return Bouffalant
return Rufflet
return Braviary
return Vullaby
return Mandibuzz
return Heatmor
return Durant
return Deino
return Zweilous
return Hydreigon
return Larvesta
return Volcarona
return Cobalion
return Terrakion
return Virizion
return Tornadus
return Thundurus
return Reshiram
return Zekrom
return Landorus
return Kyurem
return Kyurem
return Kyurem
return Keldeo
return Meloetta
return Genesect
return Chespin
return Quilladin
return Chesnaught
return Fennekin
return Braixen
return Delphox
return Froakie
return Frogadier
return Greninja
return Bunnelby
return Diggersby
return Fletchling
return Fletchinder
return Talonflame
return Vivillon
return Litleo
return Pyroar
return Flabébé
return Floette
return Florges
return Skiddo
return Gogoat
return Pancham
return Pangoro
return Furfrou
return Espurr
return Meowstic
return Meowstic
return Honedge
return Doublade
return Aegislash
return Spritzee
return Aromatisse
return Swirlix
return Slurpuff
return Inkay
return Malamar
return Binacle
return Barbaracle
return Skrelp
return Dragalge
return Clauncher
return Clawitzer
return Helioptile
return Heliolisk
return Tyrunt
return Tyrantrum
return Amaura
return Aurorus
return Sylveon
return Hawlucha
return Dedenne
return Carbink
return Goomy
return Sliggoo
return Goodra
return Klefki
return Phantump
return Trevenant
return Pumpkaboo
return Gourgeist
return Bergmite
return Avalugg
return Noibat
return Noivern
return Xerneas
return Yveltal
return Zygarde
return Diancie
return Hoopa
return Hoopa
return Volcanion
return Rowlet
return Dartrix
return Decidueye
return Litten
return Torracat
return Incineroar
return Popplio
return Brionne
return Primarina
return Pikipek
return Trumbeak
return Toucannon
return Yungoos
return Gumshoos
return Grubbin
return Charjabug
return Vikavolt
return Crabrawler
return Crabominable
return Oricorio
return Cutiefly
return Ribombee
return Rockruff
return Rockruff
return Lycanroc
return Lycanroc
return Lycanroc
return Wishiwashi
return Mareanie
return Toxapex
return Mudbray
return Mudsdale
return Dewpider
return Araquanid
return Fomantis
return Lurantis
return Morelull
return Shiinotic
return Salandit
return Salazzle
return Stufful
return Bewear
return Bounsweet
return Steenee
return Tsareena
return Comfey
return Oranguru
return Passimian
return Wimpod
return Golisopod
return Sandygast
return Palossand
return Type: Null
return Silvally
return Minior
return Komala
return Turtonator
return Togedemaru
return Mimikyu
return Bruxish
return Drampa
return Dhelmise
return Jangmo-o
return Hakamo-o
return Kommo-o
return Tapu Koko
return Tapu Lele
return Tapu Bulu
return Tapu Fini
return Solgaleo
return Lunala
return Nihilego
return Buzzwole
return Pheromosa
return Xurkitree
return Celesteela
return Kartana
return Guzzlord
return Necrozma
return Magearna
return Marshadow
return Poipole
return Naganadel
return Stakataka
return Blacephalon
return Zeraora
revelation-dance Oricorio
revenge Machop
revenge Machoke
revenge Machamp
revenge Hitmonlee
revenge Hitmonchan
revenge Qwilfish
revenge Hitmontop
revenge Croagunk
revenge Toxicroak
revenge Weavile
revenge Regigigas
revenge Throh
revenge Stunfisk
revenge Stunfisk
revenge Bouffalant
revenge Machop
revenge Machoke
revenge Machamp
revenge Farfetch'd
revenge Farfetch'd
revenge Hitmonlee
revenge Hitmonchan
revenge Pinsir
revenge Tauros
revenge Zapdos
revenge Mew
revenge Qwilfish
revenge Heracross
revenge Hitmontop
revenge Tyranitar
revenge Combusken
revenge Blaziken
revenge Shiftry
revenge Crawdaunt
revenge Duskull
revenge Dusclops
revenge Vespiquen
revenge Riolu
revenge Lucario
revenge Hippopotas
revenge Hippowdon
revenge Croagunk
revenge Toxicroak
revenge Weavile
revenge Gallade
revenge Dusknoir
revenge Regigigas
revenge Timburr
revenge Gurdurr
revenge Conkeldurr
revenge Throh
revenge Sawk
revenge Basculin
revenge Krokorok
revenge Krookodile
revenge Scraggy
revenge Scrafty
revenge Cofagrigus
revenge Zorua
revenge Zoroark
revenge Escavalier
revenge Ferroseed
revenge Ferrothorn
revenge Stunfisk
revenge Stunfisk
revenge Mienfoo
revenge Mienshao
revenge Druddigon
revenge Pawniard
revenge Bisharp
revenge Bouffalant
revenge Cobalion
revenge Terrakion
revenge Virizion
revenge Tornadus
revenge Tornadus
revenge Thundurus
revenge Thundurus
revenge Keldeo
revenge Pangoro
revenge Hawlucha
revenge Litten
revenge Torracat
revenge Incineroar
revenge Lycanroc
revenge Mudsdale
revenge Bewear
revenge Passimian
revenge Turtonator
revenge Kommo-o
revenge Tapu Bulu
revenge Buzzwole
revenge Marshadow
revenge Zeraora
revenge Cinderace
revenge Rookidee
revenge Corvisquire
revenge Corviknight
revenge Chewtle
revenge Drednaw
revenge Clobbopus
revenge Grapploct
revenge Impidimp
revenge Morgrem
revenge Grimmsnarl
revenge Obstagoon
revenge Cursola
revenge Sirfetch'd
revenge Runerigus
revenge Falinks
revenge Morpeko
revenge Copperajah
revenge Zacian
revenge Zamazenta
revenge Kubfu
revenge Urshifu
revenge Urshifu
revenge Zarude
reversal Growlithe
reversal Arcanine
reversal Hitmonlee
reversal Kangaskhan
reversal Zapdos
reversal Torchic
reversal Combusken
reversal Blaziken
reversal Riolu
reversal Lucario
reversal Victini
reversal Lillipup
reversal Herdier
reversal Stoutland
reversal Throh
reversal Sawk
reversal Escavalier
reversal Mienfoo
reversal Mienshao
reversal Bouffalant
reversal Malamar
reversal Lycanroc
reversal Lycanroc
reversal Passimian
reversal Buzzwole
reversal Wooloo
reversal Dubwool
reversal Clobbopus
reversal Grapploct
reversal Falinks
reversal Pikachu
reversal Raichu
reversal Raichu
reversal Diglett
reversal Diglett
reversal Dugtrio
reversal Dugtrio
reversal Growlithe
reversal Arcanine
reversal Poliwrath
reversal Machop
reversal Machoke
reversal Machamp
reversal Hitmonlee
reversal Rhyhorn
reversal Rhydon
reversal Kangaskhan
reversal Scyther
reversal Pinsir
reversal Tauros
reversal Zapdos
reversal Mew
reversal Pichu
reversal Qwilfish
reversal Scizor
reversal Shuckle
reversal Heracross
reversal Miltank
reversal Entei
reversal Torchic
reversal Combusken
reversal Blaziken
reversal Aron
reversal Lairon
reversal Aggron
reversal Vespiquen
reversal Lopunny
reversal Riolu
reversal Lucario
reversal Rhyperior
reversal Gallade
reversal Victini
reversal Lillipup
reversal Herdier
reversal Stoutland
reversal Timburr
reversal Gurdurr
reversal Conkeldurr
reversal Throh
reversal Sawk
reversal Basculin
reversal Darmanitan
reversal Darmanitan
reversal Escavalier
reversal Axew
reversal Fraxure
reversal Haxorus
reversal Accelgor
reversal Mienfoo
reversal Mienshao
reversal Bouffalant
reversal Cobalion
reversal Terrakion
reversal Virizion
reversal Keldeo
reversal Pangoro
reversal Honedge
reversal Doublade
reversal Aegislash
reversal Aegislash
reversal Malamar
reversal Hawlucha
reversal Zygarde
reversal Incineroar
reversal Lycanroc
reversal Lycanroc
reversal Bewear
reversal Passimian
reversal Silvally
reversal Togedemaru
reversal Jangmo-o
reversal Hakamo-o
reversal Kommo-o
reversal Buzzwole
reversal Marshadow
reversal Zeraora
reversal Scorbunny
reversal Raboot
reversal Cinderace
reversal Rookidee
reversal Corvisquire
reversal Corviknight
reversal Wooloo
reversal Dubwool
reversal Cramorant
reversal Clobbopus
reversal Grapploct
reversal Obstagoon
reversal Falinks
reversal Pincurchin
reversal Eiscue
reversal Zacian
reversal Zamazenta
reversal Kubfu
reversal Urshifu
reversal Urshifu
reversal Regidrago
rising-voltage Pikachu
rising-voltage Raichu
rising-voltage Raichu
rising-voltage Magnemite
rising-voltage Magneton
rising-voltage Electabuzz
rising-voltage Jolteon
rising-voltage Zapdos
rising-voltage Mew
rising-voltage Chinchou
rising-voltage Lanturn
rising-voltage Raikou
rising-voltage Electrike
rising-voltage Manectric
rising-voltage Shinx
rising-voltage Luxio
rising-voltage Luxray
rising-voltage Magnezone
rising-voltage Electivire
rising-voltage Rotom
rising-voltage Rotom
rising-voltage Rotom
rising-voltage Rotom
rising-voltage Rotom
rising-voltage Rotom
rising-voltage Emolga
rising-voltage Joltik
rising-voltage Galvantula
rising-voltage Klink
rising-voltage Klang
rising-voltage Klinklang
rising-voltage Thundurus
rising-voltage Thundurus
rising-voltage Zekrom
rising-voltage Helioptile
rising-voltage Heliolisk
rising-voltage Dedenne
rising-voltage Grubbin
rising-voltage Charjabug
rising-voltage Vikavolt
rising-voltage Togedemaru
rising-voltage Xurkitree
rising-voltage Zeraora
rising-voltage Yamper
rising-voltage Boltund
rising-voltage Toxtricity
rising-voltage Toxtricity
rising-voltage Pincurchin
rising-voltage Morpeko
rising-voltage Dracozolt
rising-voltage Arctozolt
rising-voltage Regieleki
roar Growlithe
roar Arcanine
roar Aerodactyl
roar Raikou
roar Entei
roar Suicune
roar Whismur
roar Loudred
roar Exploud
roar Aron
roar Lairon
roar Aggron
roar Electrike
roar Manectric
roar Shinx
roar Luxio
roar Luxray
roar Hippopotas
roar Hippowdon
roar Lillipup
roar Herdier
roar Stoutland
roar Deino
roar Zweilous
roar Hydreigon
roar Tyrunt
roar Tyrantrum
roar Litten
roar Torracat
roar Incineroar
roar Rockruff
roar Lycanroc
roar Lycanroc
roar Lycanroc
roar Yamper
roar Boltund
roar Vulpix
roar Vulpix
roar Ninetales
roar Ninetales
roar Mudbray
roar Mudsdale
roar-of-time Dialga
rock-blast Rhyhorn
rock-blast Rhydon
rock-blast Omanyte
rock-blast Omastar
rock-blast Octillery
rock-blast Anorith
rock-blast Armaldo
rock-blast Rhyperior
rock-blast Roggenrola
rock-blast Boldore
rock-blast Gigalith
rock-blast Dwebble
rock-blast Crustle
rock-blast Cinccino
rock-blast Necrozma
rock-blast Stakataka
rock-blast Rolycoly
rock-blast Carkol
rock-blast Coalossal
rock-blast Nidoqueen
rock-blast Nidoking
rock-blast Machamp
rock-blast Shellder
rock-blast Cloyster
rock-blast Onix
rock-blast Rhyhorn
rock-blast Rhydon
rock-blast Omanyte
rock-blast Omastar
rock-blast Kabuto
rock-blast Kabutops
rock-blast Aerodactyl
rock-blast Mew
rock-blast Sudowoodo
rock-blast Steelix
rock-blast Shuckle
rock-blast Heracross
rock-blast Corsola
rock-blast Corsola
rock-blast Remoraid
rock-blast Octillery
rock-blast Mantine
rock-blast Tyranitar
rock-blast Lairon
rock-blast Aggron
rock-blast Lunatone
rock-blast Solrock
rock-blast Lileep
rock-blast Cradily
rock-blast Anorith
rock-blast Armaldo
rock-blast Relicanth
rock-blast Regirock
rock-blast Rhyperior
rock-blast Mamoswine
rock-blast Roggenrola
rock-blast Boldore
rock-blast Gigalith
rock-blast Excadrill
rock-blast Conkeldurr
rock-blast Dwebble
rock-blast Crustle
rock-blast Tirtouga
rock-blast Carracosta
rock-blast Archen
rock-blast Archeops
rock-blast Trubbish
rock-blast Garbodor
rock-blast Cinccino
rock-blast Terrakion
rock-blast Binacle
rock-blast Barbaracle
rock-blast Tyrunt
rock-blast Tyrantrum
rock-blast Amaura
rock-blast Aurorus
rock-blast Lycanroc
rock-blast Lycanroc
rock-blast Lycanroc
rock-blast Necrozma
rock-blast Stakataka
rock-blast Blacephalon
rock-blast Drednaw
rock-blast Rolycoly
rock-blast Carkol
rock-blast Coalossal
rock-blast Sandaconda
rock-blast Cursola
rock-blast Runerigus
rock-blast Stonjourner
rock-blast Cufant
rock-blast Copperajah
rock-blast Dracozolt
rock-blast Arctozolt
rock-blast Dracovish
rock-blast Arctovish
rock-climb Venipede
rock-climb Whirlipede
rock-climb Scolipede
rock-climb Scraggy
rock-climb Scrafty
rock-climb Ferrothorn
rock-climb Druddigon
rock-climb Rockruff
rock-climb Rockruff
rock-climb Lycanroc
rock-climb Lycanroc
rock-climb Lycanroc
rock-climb Sandshrew
rock-climb Sandslash
rock-climb Geodude
rock-climb Geodude
rock-climb Graveler
rock-climb Graveler
rock-climb Golem
rock-climb Golem
rock-climb Onix
rock-climb Rhyhorn
rock-climb Rhydon
rock-climb Gligar
rock-climb Steelix
rock-climb Zigzagoon
rock-climb Linoone
rock-climb Bidoof
rock-climb Bibarel
rock-climb Gible
rock-climb Gabite
rock-climb Garchomp
rock-climb Rhyperior
rock-climb Gliscor
rock-climb Drilbur
rock-climb Excadrill
rock-climb Venipede
rock-climb Whirlipede
rock-climb Scolipede
rock-climb Sandile
rock-climb Krokorok
rock-climb Krookodile
rock-climb Joltik
rock-climb Galvantula
rock-climb Ferroseed
rock-climb Ferrothorn
rock-climb Bouffalant
rock-climb Durant
rock-polish Onix
rock-polish Steelix
rock-polish Lunatone
rock-polish Solrock
rock-polish Dwebble
rock-polish Crustle
rock-polish Binacle
rock-polish Barbaracle
rock-polish Carbink
rock-polish Diancie
rock-polish Drednaw
rock-polish Rolycoly
rock-polish Carkol
rock-polish Coalossal
rock-polish Stonjourner
rock-polish Rhyhorn
rock-polish Rhydon
rock-polish Sudowoodo
rock-polish Bonsly
rock-polish Rhyperior
rock-polish Tyrunt
rock-slide Onix
rock-slide Aerodactyl
rock-slide Sudowoodo
rock-slide Steelix
rock-slide Shuckle
rock-slide Larvitar
rock-slide Pupitar
rock-slide Tyranitar
rock-slide Mudkip
rock-slide Marshtomp
rock-slide Swampert
rock-slide Aron
rock-slide Lairon
rock-slide Aggron
rock-slide Lunatone
rock-slide Solrock
rock-slide Regirock
rock-slide Bonsly
rock-slide Roggenrola
rock-slide Boldore
rock-slide Gigalith
rock-slide Drilbur
rock-slide Excadrill
rock-slide Timburr
rock-slide Gurdurr
rock-slide Conkeldurr
rock-slide Dwebble
rock-slide Crustle
rock-slide Tirtouga
rock-slide Carracosta
rock-slide Archen
rock-slide Archeops
rock-slide Terrakion
rock-slide Landorus
rock-slide Landorus
rock-slide Tyrunt
rock-slide Tyrantrum
rock-slide Carbink
rock-slide Diancie
rock-slide Rockruff
rock-slide Lycanroc
rock-slide Lycanroc
rock-slide Lycanroc
rock-slide Stakataka
rock-slide Stonjourner
rock-slide Charmander
rock-slide Charmeleon
rock-slide Charizard
rock-slide Blastoise
rock-slide Sandshrew
rock-slide Sandshrew
rock-slide Sandslash
rock-slide Sandslash
rock-slide Nidoqueen
rock-slide Nidoking
rock-slide Diglett
rock-slide Diglett
rock-slide Dugtrio
rock-slide Dugtrio
rock-slide Poliwrath
rock-slide Machop
rock-slide Machoke
rock-slide Machamp
rock-slide Onix
rock-slide Krabby
rock-slide Kingler
rock-slide Cubone
rock-slide Marowak
rock-slide Marowak
rock-slide Hitmonlee
rock-slide Hitmonchan
rock-slide Lickitung
rock-slide Rhyhorn
rock-slide Rhydon
rock-slide Chansey
rock-slide Kangaskhan
rock-slide Pinsir
rock-slide Tauros
rock-slide Omanyte
rock-slide Omastar
rock-slide Kabuto
rock-slide Kabutops
rock-slide Aerodactyl
rock-slide Snorlax
rock-slide Dragonite
rock-slide Mewtwo
rock-slide Mew
rock-slide Sudowoodo
rock-slide Quagsire
rock-slide Dunsparce
rock-slide Steelix
rock-slide Shuckle
rock-slide Heracross
rock-slide Swinub
rock-slide Piloswine
rock-slide Corsola
rock-slide Corsola
rock-slide Mantine
rock-slide Skarmory
rock-slide Tyrogue
rock-slide Hitmontop
rock-slide Miltank
rock-slide Blissey
rock-slide Larvitar
rock-slide Pupitar
rock-slide Tyranitar
rock-slide Treecko
rock-slide Grovyle
rock-slide Sceptile
rock-slide Torchic
rock-slide Combusken
rock-slide Blaziken
rock-slide Mudkip
rock-slide Marshtomp
rock-slide Swampert
rock-slide Nuzleaf
rock-slide Shiftry
rock-slide Loudred
rock-slide Exploud
rock-slide Mawile
rock-slide Aron
rock-slide Lairon
rock-slide Aggron
rock-slide Torkoal
rock-slide Trapinch
rock-slide Vibrava
rock-slide Flygon
rock-slide Lunatone
rock-slide Solrock
rock-slide Whiscash
rock-slide Corphish
rock-slide Crawdaunt
rock-slide Baltoy
rock-slide Claydol
rock-slide Lileep
rock-slide Cradily
rock-slide Anorith
rock-slide Armaldo
rock-slide Dusclops
rock-slide Absol
rock-slide Spheal
rock-slide Sealeo
rock-slide Walrein
rock-slide Relicanth
rock-slide Bagon
rock-slide Shelgon
rock-slide Salamence
rock-slide Metang
rock-slide Metagross
rock-slide Regirock
rock-slide Regice
rock-slide Registeel
rock-slide Kyogre
rock-slide Groudon
rock-slide Rayquaza
rock-slide Gastrodon
rock-slide Bronzor
rock-slide Bronzong
rock-slide Bonsly
rock-slide Gible
rock-slide Gabite
rock-slide Garchomp
rock-slide Munchlax
rock-slide Riolu
rock-slide Lucario
rock-slide Hippopotas
rock-slide Hippowdon
rock-slide Drapion
rock-slide Croagunk
rock-slide Toxicroak
rock-slide Mantyke
rock-slide Abomasnow
rock-slide Lickilicky
rock-slide Rhyperior
rock-slide Tangrowth
rock-slide Electivire
rock-slide Magmortar
rock-slide Mamoswine
rock-slide Gallade
rock-slide Dusknoir
rock-slide Dialga
rock-slide Palkia
rock-slide Heatran
rock-slide Regigigas
rock-slide Munna
rock-slide Musharna
rock-slide Roggenrola
rock-slide Boldore
rock-slide Gigalith
rock-slide Drilbur
rock-slide Excadrill
rock-slide Timburr
rock-slide Gurdurr
rock-slide Conkeldurr
rock-slide Seismitoad
rock-slide Throh
rock-slide Sawk
rock-slide Scolipede
rock-slide Sandile
rock-slide Krokorok
rock-slide Krookodile
rock-slide Darumaka
rock-slide Darumaka
rock-slide Darmanitan
rock-slide Darmanitan
rock-slide Dwebble
rock-slide Crustle
rock-slide Scraggy
rock-slide Scrafty
rock-slide Yamask
rock-slide Tirtouga
rock-slide Carracosta
rock-slide Archen
rock-slide Archeops
rock-slide Gothita
rock-slide Gothorita
rock-slide Gothitelle
rock-slide Solosis
rock-slide Duosion
rock-slide Reuniclus
rock-slide Elgyem
rock-slide Beheeyem
rock-slide Haxorus
rock-slide Beartic
rock-slide Stunfisk
rock-slide Stunfisk
rock-slide Mienfoo
rock-slide Mienshao
rock-slide Druddigon
rock-slide Golett
rock-slide Golurk
rock-slide Bouffalant
rock-slide Rufflet
rock-slide Braviary
rock-slide Durant
rock-slide Hydreigon
rock-slide Terrakion
rock-slide Reshiram
rock-slide Zekrom
rock-slide Landorus
rock-slide Landorus
rock-slide Kyurem
rock-slide Kyurem
rock-slide Kyurem
rock-slide Bunnelby
rock-slide Diggersby
rock-slide Pancham
rock-slide Pangoro
rock-slide Honedge
rock-slide Doublade
rock-slide Aegislash
rock-slide Aegislash
rock-slide Inkay
rock-slide Malamar
rock-slide Binacle
rock-slide Barbaracle
rock-slide Clauncher
rock-slide Clawitzer
rock-slide Helioptile
rock-slide Heliolisk
rock-slide Tyrunt
rock-slide Tyrantrum
rock-slide Amaura
rock-slide Aurorus
rock-slide Hawlucha
rock-slide Carbink
rock-slide Goomy
rock-slide Sliggoo
rock-slide Goodra
rock-slide Phantump
rock-slide Trevenant
rock-slide Pumpkaboo
rock-slide Gourgeist
rock-slide Bergmite
rock-slide Avalugg
rock-slide Xerneas
rock-slide Yveltal
rock-slide Zygarde
rock-slide Diancie
rock-slide Volcanion
rock-slide Rockruff
rock-slide Lycanroc
rock-slide Lycanroc
rock-slide Lycanroc
rock-slide Mudbray
rock-slide Mudsdale
rock-slide Stufful
rock-slide Bewear
rock-slide Oranguru
rock-slide Passimian
rock-slide Golisopod
rock-slide Sandygast
rock-slide Palossand
rock-slide Type: Null
rock-slide Silvally
rock-slide Drampa
rock-slide Dhelmise
rock-slide Jangmo-o
rock-slide Hakamo-o
rock-slide Kommo-o
rock-slide Tapu Bulu
rock-slide Solgaleo
rock-slide Nihilego
rock-slide Buzzwole
rock-slide Celesteela
rock-slide Guzzlord
rock-slide Necrozma
rock-slide Marshadow
rock-slide Stakataka
rock-slide Melmetal
rock-slide Drednaw
rock-slide Rolycoly
rock-slide Carkol
rock-slide Coalossal
rock-slide Sandaconda
rock-slide Cursola
rock-slide Runerigus
rock-slide Falinks
rock-slide Stonjourner
rock-slide Cufant
rock-slide Copperajah
rock-slide Dracozolt
rock-slide Arctozolt
rock-slide Dracovish
rock-slide Arctovish
rock-slide Duraludon
rock-slide Urshifu
rock-slide Urshifu
rock-slide Zarude
rock-smash Farfetch'd
rock-smash Zapdos
rock-smash Mudkip
rock-smash Marshtomp
rock-smash Swampert
rock-smash Riolu
rock-smash Lucario
rock-smash Sawk
rock-smash Mudbray
rock-smash Mudsdale
rock-smash Passimian
rock-smash Golisopod
rock-smash Tapu Bulu
rock-smash Clobbopus
rock-smash Grapploct
rock-smash Sirfetch'd
rock-smash Falinks
rock-smash Cufant
rock-smash Copperajah
rock-smash Duraludon
rock-smash Kubfu
rock-smash Urshifu
rock-smash Urshifu
rock-smash Rookidee
rock-smash Corvisquire
rock-smash Corviknight
rock-throw Onix
rock-throw Sudowoodo
rock-throw Steelix
rock-throw Shuckle
rock-throw Larvitar
rock-throw Pupitar
rock-throw Tyranitar
rock-throw Mudkip
rock-throw Marshtomp
rock-throw Swampert
rock-throw Lunatone
rock-throw Solrock
rock-throw Regirock
rock-throw Bonsly
rock-throw Timburr
rock-throw Gurdurr
rock-throw Conkeldurr
rock-throw Archen
rock-throw Archeops
rock-throw Landorus
rock-throw Landorus
rock-throw Rockruff
rock-throw Lycanroc
rock-throw Lycanroc
rock-throw Lycanroc
rock-throw Stakataka
rock-throw Stonjourner
rock-throw Tirtouga
rock-throw Tyrunt
rock-throw Amaura
rock-tomb Sudowoodo
rock-tomb Aron
rock-tomb Lairon
rock-tomb Aggron
rock-tomb Baltoy
rock-tomb Claydol
rock-tomb Bonsly
rock-tomb Landorus
rock-tomb Landorus
rock-tomb Rockruff
rock-tomb Lycanroc
rock-tomb Lycanroc
rock-tomb Lycanroc
rock-tomb Drednaw
rock-tomb Stonjourner
rock-tomb Charmander
rock-tomb Charmeleon
rock-tomb Charizard
rock-tomb Squirtle
rock-tomb Wartortle
rock-tomb Blastoise
rock-tomb Sandshrew
rock-tomb Sandshrew
rock-tomb Sandslash
rock-tomb Sandslash
rock-tomb Nidoqueen
rock-tomb Nidoking
rock-tomb Diglett
rock-tomb Diglett
rock-tomb Dugtrio
rock-tomb Dugtrio
rock-tomb Poliwrath
rock-tomb Machop
rock-tomb Machoke
rock-tomb Machamp
rock-tomb Onix
rock-tomb Krabby
rock-tomb Kingler
rock-tomb Cubone
rock-tomb Marowak
rock-tomb Marowak
rock-tomb Hitmonlee
rock-tomb Hitmonchan
rock-tomb Lickitung
rock-tomb Rhyhorn
rock-tomb Rhydon
rock-tomb Chansey
rock-tomb Kangaskhan
rock-tomb Pinsir
rock-tomb Tauros
rock-tomb Omanyte
rock-tomb Omastar
rock-tomb Kabuto
rock-tomb Kabutops
rock-tomb Aerodactyl
rock-tomb Snorlax
rock-tomb Dragonite
rock-tomb Mewtwo
rock-tomb Mew
rock-tomb Sudowoodo
rock-tomb Quagsire
rock-tomb Dunsparce
rock-tomb Steelix
rock-tomb Shuckle
rock-tomb Heracross
rock-tomb Swinub
rock-tomb Piloswine
rock-tomb Corsola
rock-tomb Corsola
rock-tomb Mantine
rock-tomb Skarmory
rock-tomb Miltank
rock-tomb Blissey
rock-tomb Larvitar
rock-tomb Pupitar
rock-tomb Tyranitar
rock-tomb Treecko
rock-tomb Grovyle
rock-tomb Sceptile
rock-tomb Torchic
rock-tomb Combusken
rock-tomb Blaziken
rock-tomb Mudkip
rock-tomb Marshtomp
rock-tomb Swampert
rock-tomb Nuzleaf
rock-tomb Shiftry
rock-tomb Loudred
rock-tomb Exploud
rock-tomb Sableye
rock-tomb Mawile
rock-tomb Aron
rock-tomb Lairon
rock-tomb Aggron
rock-tomb Sharpedo
rock-tomb Wailmer
rock-tomb Wailord
rock-tomb Torkoal
rock-tomb Trapinch
rock-tomb Vibrava
rock-tomb Flygon
rock-tomb Lunatone
rock-tomb Solrock
rock-tomb Barboach
rock-tomb Whiscash
rock-tomb Corphish
rock-tomb Crawdaunt
rock-tomb Baltoy
rock-tomb Claydol
rock-tomb Lileep
rock-tomb Cradily
rock-tomb Anorith
rock-tomb Armaldo
rock-tomb Dusclops
rock-tomb Absol
rock-tomb Spheal
rock-tomb Sealeo
rock-tomb Walrein
rock-tomb Relicanth
rock-tomb Bagon
rock-tomb Shelgon
rock-tomb Salamence
rock-tomb Metang
rock-tomb Metagross
rock-tomb Regirock
rock-tomb Regice
rock-tomb Registeel
rock-tomb Kyogre
rock-tomb Groudon
rock-tomb Rayquaza
rock-tomb Gastrodon
rock-tomb Bronzor
rock-tomb Bronzong
rock-tomb Bonsly
rock-tomb Spiritomb
rock-tomb Gible
rock-tomb Gabite
rock-tomb Garchomp
rock-tomb Munchlax
rock-tomb Riolu
rock-tomb Lucario
rock-tomb Hippopotas
rock-tomb Hippowdon
rock-tomb Skorupi
rock-tomb Drapion
rock-tomb Croagunk
rock-tomb Toxicroak
rock-tomb Abomasnow
rock-tomb Lickilicky
rock-tomb Rhyperior
rock-tomb Tangrowth
rock-tomb Electivire
rock-tomb Magmortar
rock-tomb Mamoswine
rock-tomb Gallade
rock-tomb Dusknoir
rock-tomb Dialga
rock-tomb Palkia
rock-tomb Heatran
rock-tomb Regigigas
rock-tomb Lillipup
rock-tomb Herdier
rock-tomb Stoutland
rock-tomb Munna
rock-tomb Musharna
rock-tomb Roggenrola
rock-tomb Boldore
rock-tomb Gigalith
rock-tomb Drilbur
rock-tomb Excadrill
rock-tomb Timburr
rock-tomb Gurdurr
rock-tomb Conkeldurr
rock-tomb Seismitoad
rock-tomb Throh
rock-tomb Sawk
rock-tomb Scolipede
rock-tomb Sandile
rock-tomb Krokorok
rock-tomb Krookodile
rock-tomb Darumaka
rock-tomb Darumaka
rock-tomb Darmanitan
rock-tomb Darmanitan
rock-tomb Dwebble
rock-tomb Crustle
rock-tomb Scraggy
rock-tomb Scrafty
rock-tomb Yamask
rock-tomb Tirtouga
rock-tomb Carracosta
rock-tomb Archen
rock-tomb Archeops
rock-tomb Gothita
rock-tomb Gothorita
rock-tomb Gothitelle
rock-tomb Solosis
rock-tomb Duosion
rock-tomb Reuniclus
rock-tomb Elgyem
rock-tomb Beheeyem
rock-tomb Axew
rock-tomb Fraxure
rock-tomb Haxorus
rock-tomb Cubchoo
rock-tomb Beartic
rock-tomb Stunfisk
rock-tomb Stunfisk
rock-tomb Mienfoo
rock-tomb Mienshao
rock-tomb Druddigon
rock-tomb Golett
rock-tomb Golurk
rock-tomb Pawniard
rock-tomb Bisharp
rock-tomb Bouffalant
rock-tomb Rufflet
rock-tomb Braviary
rock-tomb Vullaby
rock-tomb Mandibuzz
rock-tomb Heatmor
rock-tomb Durant
rock-tomb Hydreigon
rock-tomb Terrakion
rock-tomb Reshiram
rock-tomb Zekrom
rock-tomb Landorus
rock-tomb Landorus
rock-tomb Kyurem
rock-tomb Kyurem
rock-tomb Kyurem
rock-tomb Bunnelby
rock-tomb Diggersby
rock-tomb Pancham
rock-tomb Pangoro
rock-tomb Binacle
rock-tomb Barbaracle
rock-tomb Helioptile
rock-tomb Heliolisk
rock-tomb Tyrunt
rock-tomb Tyrantrum
rock-tomb Amaura
rock-tomb Aurorus
rock-tomb Hawlucha
rock-tomb Carbink
rock-tomb Bergmite
rock-tomb Avalugg
rock-tomb Diancie
rock-tomb Rockruff
rock-tomb Lycanroc
rock-tomb Lycanroc
rock-tomb Lycanroc
rock-tomb Mudbray
rock-tomb Mudsdale
rock-tomb Stufful
rock-tomb Bewear
rock-tomb Passimian
rock-tomb Golisopod
rock-tomb Sandygast
rock-tomb Palossand
rock-tomb Turtonator
rock-tomb Jangmo-o
rock-tomb Hakamo-o
rock-tomb Kommo-o
rock-tomb Tapu Bulu
rock-tomb Solgaleo
rock-tomb Nihilego
rock-tomb Buzzwole
rock-tomb Guzzlord
rock-tomb Necrozma
rock-tomb Marshadow
rock-tomb Stakataka
rock-tomb Melmetal
rock-tomb Drednaw
rock-tomb Rolycoly
rock-tomb Carkol
rock-tomb Coalossal
rock-tomb Sandaconda
rock-tomb Cursola
rock-tomb Runerigus
rock-tomb Falinks
rock-tomb Stonjourner
rock-tomb Cufant
rock-tomb Copperajah
rock-tomb Dracozolt
rock-tomb Arctozolt
rock-tomb Dracovish
rock-tomb Arctovish
rock-tomb Duraludon
rock-tomb Urshifu
rock-tomb Urshifu
rock-tomb Zarude
rock-wrecker Rhyperior
rock-wrecker Dwebble
rock-wrecker Crustle
role-play Kadabra
role-play Alakazam
role-play Mr. Mime
role-play Mr. Mime
role-play Mime Jr.
role-play Meowstic
role-play Meowstic
role-play Marshadow
role-play Mr. Rime
role-play Smoochum
rolling-kick Hitmonlee
rolling-kick Hitmonlee
rolling-kick Hitmontop
rolling-kick Marshadow
rolling-kick Machop
rolling-kick Machoke
rolling-kick Machamp
rolling-kick Electabuzz
rolling-kick Elekid
rolling-kick Electivire
rollout Sandshrew
rollout Sandshrew
rollout Sandslash
rollout Sandslash
rollout Lickitung
rollout Omanyte
rollout Omastar
rollout Marill
rollout Azumarill
rollout Dunsparce
rollout Shuckle
rollout Miltank
rollout Seedot
rollout Nuzleaf
rollout Shiftry
rollout Spheal
rollout Sealeo
rollout Walrein
rollout Lickilicky
rollout Venipede
rollout Whirlipede
rollout Scolipede
rollout Magearna
rollout Cufant
rollout Copperajah
rollout Jigglypuff
rollout Wigglytuff
rollout Onix
rollout Igglybuff
rollout Sudowoodo
rollout Steelix
rollout Wailmer
rollout Wailord
rollout Snorunt
rollout Glalie
rollout Cherubi
rollout Cherrim
rollout Bonsly
rollout Froslass
rollout Tirtouga
rollout Trubbish
rollout Garbodor
rollout Foongus
rollout Amoonguss
rollout Bunnelby
rollout Diggersby
rollout Stufful
rollout Bewear
rollout Wimpod
rollout Golisopod
rollout Skwovet
rollout Greedent
rollout Applin
rollout Flapple
rollout Appletun
rollout Sizzlipede
rollout Centiskorch
roost Articuno
roost Zapdos
roost Moltres
roost Dragonite
roost Hoothoot
roost Noctowl
roost Dunsparce
roost Mantine
roost Wingull
roost Pelipper
roost Pidove
roost Tranquill
roost Unfezant
roost Fletchling
roost Fletchinder
roost Talonflame
roost Hawlucha
roost Noibat
roost Noivern
roost Yveltal
roost Farfetch'd
roost Aerodactyl
roost Natu
roost Xatu
roost Skarmory
roost Swablu
roost Woobat
roost Swoobat
roost Sigilyph
roost Emolga
roost Vullaby
roost Mandibuzz
roost Rookidee
roost Corvisquire
roost Corviknight
roost Cramorant
rototiller Dugtrio
rototiller Dugtrio
rototiller Linoone
rototiller Bibarel
rototiller Lopunny
rototiller Watchog
rototiller Excadrill
rototiller Diggersby
rototiller Mudbray
rototiller Mudsdale
rototiller Mudsdale
rototiller Tapu Bulu
rototiller Sandshrew
rototiller Sandslash
rototiller Paras
rototiller Parasect
rototiller Onix
rototiller Rhyhorn
rototiller Rhydon
rototiller Steelix
rototiller Cacnea
rototiller Cacturne
rototiller Rhyperior
rototiller Dwebble
rototiller Crustle
round Jigglypuff
round Wigglytuff
round Swablu
round Altaria
round Tympole
round Palpitoad
round Seismitoad
round Swirlix
round Slurpuff
round Amaura
round Aurorus
round Gossifleur
round Eldegoss
round Bulbasaur
round Ivysaur
round Venusaur
round Charmander
round Charmeleon
round Charizard
round Squirtle
round Wartortle
round Blastoise
round Butterfree
round Pikachu
round Raichu
round Raichu
round Sandshrew
round Sandshrew
round Sandslash
round Sandslash
round Nidoran♀
round Nidorina
round Nidoqueen
round Nidoran♂
round Nidorino
round Nidoking
round Clefairy
round Clefable
round Vulpix
round Vulpix
round Ninetales
round Ninetales
round Jigglypuff
round Wigglytuff
round Zubat
round Golbat
round Oddish
round Gloom
round Vileplume
round Diglett
round Diglett
round Dugtrio
round Dugtrio
round Meowth
round Meowth
round Meowth
round Persian
round Persian
round Psyduck
round Golduck
round Growlithe
round Arcanine
round Poliwag
round Poliwhirl
round Poliwrath
round Abra
round Kadabra
round Alakazam
round Machop
round Machoke
round Machamp
round Tentacool
round Tentacruel
round Ponyta
round Ponyta
round Rapidash
round Rapidash
round Slowpoke
round Slowpoke
round Slowbro
round Slowbro
round Magnemite
round Magneton
round Farfetch'd
round Farfetch'd
round Shellder
round Cloyster
round Gastly
round Haunter
round Gengar
round Onix
round Krabby
round Kingler
round Exeggcute
round Exeggutor
round Exeggutor
round Cubone
round Marowak
round Marowak
round Hitmonlee
round Hitmonchan
round Lickitung
round Koffing
round Weezing
round Weezing
round Rhyhorn
round Rhydon
round Chansey
round Tangela
round Kangaskhan
round Horsea
round Seadra
round Goldeen
round Seaking
round Staryu
round Starmie
round Mr. Mime
round Mr. Mime
round Scyther
round Jynx
round Electabuzz
round Magmar
round Pinsir
round Tauros
round Gyarados
round Lapras
round Eevee
round Vaporeon
round Jolteon
round Flareon
round Porygon
round Omanyte
round Omastar
round Kabuto
round Kabutops
round Aerodactyl
round Snorlax
round Articuno
round Articuno
round Zapdos
round Zapdos
round Moltres
round Moltres
round Dratini
round Dragonair
round Dragonite
round Mewtwo
round Mew
round Hoothoot
round Noctowl
round Crobat
round Chinchou
round Lanturn
round Pichu
round Cleffa
round Igglybuff
round Togepi
round Togetic
round Natu
round Xatu
round Bellossom
round Marill
round Azumarill
round Sudowoodo
round Politoed
round Wooper
round Quagsire
round Espeon
round Umbreon
round Slowking
round Slowking
round Dunsparce
round Steelix
round Qwilfish
round Scizor
round Shuckle
round Heracross
round Sneasel
round Swinub
round Piloswine
round Corsola
round Corsola
round Remoraid
round Octillery
round Delibird
round Mantine
round Skarmory
round Kingdra
round Porygon2
round Tyrogue
round Hitmontop
round Smoochum
round Elekid
round Magby
round Miltank
round Blissey
round Raikou
round Entei
round Suicune
round Larvitar
round Pupitar
round Tyranitar
round Lugia
round Ho-oh
round Celebi
round Treecko
round Grovyle
round Sceptile
round Torchic
round Combusken
round Blaziken
round Mudkip
round Marshtomp
round Swampert
round Zigzagoon
round Zigzagoon
round Linoone
round Linoone
round Lotad
round Lombre
round Ludicolo
round Seedot
round Nuzleaf
round Shiftry
round Wingull
round Pelipper
round Ralts
round Kirlia
round Gardevoir
round Nincada
round Ninjask
round Shedinja
round Whismur
round Loudred
round Exploud
round Azurill
round Sableye
round Mawile
round Aron
round Lairon
round Aggron
round Electrike
round Manectric
round Roselia
round Carvanha
round Sharpedo
round Wailmer
round Wailord
round Torkoal
round Trapinch
round Vibrava
round Flygon
round Swablu
round Altaria
round Lunatone
round Solrock
round Barboach
round Whiscash
round Corphish
round Crawdaunt
round Baltoy
round Claydol
round Lileep
round Cradily
round Anorith
round Armaldo
round Feebas
round Milotic
round Duskull
round Dusclops
round Absol
round Snorunt
round Glalie
round Spheal
round Sealeo
round Walrein
round Relicanth
round Bagon
round Shelgon
round Salamence
round Metang
round Metagross
round Regirock
round Regice
round Registeel
round Latias
round Latios
round Kyogre
round Groudon
round Rayquaza
round Jirachi
round Shinx
round Luxio
round Luxray
round Budew
round Roserade
round Vespiquen
round Cherubi
round Cherrim
round Shellos
round Gastrodon
round Drifloon
round Drifblim
round Buneary
round Lopunny
round Stunky
round Skuntank
round Bronzor
round Bronzong
round Bonsly
round Mime Jr.
round Happiny
round Spiritomb
round Gible
round Gabite
round Garchomp
round Munchlax
round Riolu
round Lucario
round Hippopotas
round Hippowdon
round Skorupi
round Drapion
round Croagunk
round Toxicroak
round Mantyke
round Snover
round Abomasnow
round Weavile
round Magnezone
round Lickilicky
round Rhyperior
round Tangrowth
round Electivire
round Magmortar
round Togekiss
round Leafeon
round Glaceon
round Mamoswine
round Porygon-Z
round Gallade
round Dusknoir
round Froslass
round Rotom
round Rotom
round Rotom
round Rotom
round Rotom
round Rotom
round Uxie
round Mesprit
round Azelf
round Dialga
round Palkia
round Heatran
round Regigigas
round Giratina
round Giratina
round Cresselia
round Victini
round Lillipup
round Herdier
round Stoutland
round Purrloin
round Liepard
round Munna
round Musharna
round Pidove
round Tranquill
round Unfezant
round Roggenrola
round Boldore
round Gigalith
round Woobat
round Swoobat
round Drilbur
round Excadrill
round Audino
round Timburr
round Gurdurr
round Conkeldurr
round Tympole
round Palpitoad
round Seismitoad
round Throh
round Sawk
round Venipede
round Whirlipede
round Scolipede
round Cottonee
round Whimsicott
round Petilil
round Lilligant
round Basculin
round Sandile
round Krokorok
round Krookodile
round Darumaka
round Darumaka
round Darmanitan
round Darmanitan
round Maractus
round Dwebble
round Crustle
round Scraggy
round Scrafty
round Sigilyph
round Yamask
round Yamask
round Cofagrigus
round Tirtouga
round Carracosta
round Archen
round Archeops
round Trubbish
round Garbodor
round Zorua
round Zoroark
round Minccino
round Cinccino
round Gothita
round Gothorita
round Gothitelle
round Solosis
round Duosion
round Reuniclus
round Vanillite
round Vanillish
round Vanilluxe
round Emolga
round Karrablast
round Escavalier
round Foongus
round Amoonguss
round Frillish
round Jellicent
round Joltik
round Galvantula
round Ferroseed
round Ferrothorn
round Klink
round Klang
round Klinklang
round Elgyem
round Beheeyem
round Litwick
round Lampent
round Chandelure
round Axew
round Fraxure
round Haxorus
round Cubchoo
round Beartic
round Cryogonal
round Shelmet
round Accelgor
round Stunfisk
round Stunfisk
round Mienfoo
round Mienshao
round Druddigon
round Golett
round Golurk
round Pawniard
round Bisharp
round Bouffalant
round Rufflet
round Braviary
round Vullaby
round Mandibuzz
round Heatmor
round Durant
round Deino
round Zweilous
round Hydreigon
round Larvesta
round Volcarona
round Cobalion
round Terrakion
round Virizion
round Tornadus
round Tornadus
round Thundurus
round Thundurus
round Reshiram
round Zekrom
round Landorus
round Landorus
round Kyurem
round Kyurem
round Kyurem
round Keldeo
round Genesect
round Bunnelby
round Diggersby
round Fletchling
round Fletchinder
round Talonflame
round Pancham
round Pangoro
round Espurr
round Meowstic
round Meowstic
round Honedge
round Doublade
round Aegislash
round Aegislash
round Spritzee
round Aromatisse
round Swirlix
round Slurpuff
round Inkay
round Malamar
round Binacle
round Barbaracle
round Skrelp
round Dragalge
round Clauncher
round Clawitzer
round Helioptile
round Heliolisk
round Tyrunt
round Tyrantrum
round Amaura
round Aurorus
round Sylveon
round Hawlucha
round Dedenne
round Carbink
round Goomy
round Sliggoo
round Goodra
round Klefki
round Phantump
round Trevenant
round Pumpkaboo
round Gourgeist
round Bergmite
round Avalugg
round Noibat
round Noivern
round Xerneas
round Yveltal
round Zygarde
round Diancie
round Volcanion
round Rowlet
round Dartrix
round Decidueye
round Litten
round Torracat
round Incineroar
round Popplio
round Brionne
round Primarina
round Grubbin
round Charjabug
round Vikavolt
round Cutiefly
round Ribombee
round Rockruff
round Lycanroc
round Lycanroc
round Lycanroc
round Wishiwashi
round Mareanie
round Toxapex
round Mudbray
round Mudsdale
round Dewpider
round Araquanid
round Fomantis
round Lurantis
round Morelull
round Shiinotic
round Salandit
round Salazzle
round Stufful
round Bewear
round Bounsweet
round Steenee
round Tsareena
round Comfey
round Oranguru
round Passimian
round Wimpod
round Golisopod
round Sandygast
round Palossand
round Type: Null
round Silvally
round Turtonator
round Togedemaru
round Mimikyu
round Drampa
round Dhelmise
round Jangmo-o
round Hakamo-o
round Kommo-o
round Tapu Koko
round Tapu Lele
round Tapu Bulu
round Tapu Fini
round Solgaleo
round Lunala
round Nihilego
round Buzzwole
round Pheromosa
round Xurkitree
round Celesteela
round Kartana
round Guzzlord
round Necrozma
round Magearna
round Marshadow
round Poipole
round Naganadel
round Stakataka
round Blacephalon
round Zeraora
round Meltan
round Melmetal
round Grookey
round Thwackey
round Rillaboom
round Scorbunny
round Raboot
round Cinderace
round Sobble
round Drizzile
round Inteleon
round Skwovet
round Greedent
round Rookidee
round Corvisquire
round Corviknight
round Dottler
round Orbeetle
round Nickit
round Thievul
round Gossifleur
round Eldegoss
round Wooloo
round Dubwool
round Chewtle
round Drednaw
round Yamper
round Boltund
round Rolycoly
round Carkol
round Coalossal
round Flapple
round Appletun
round Silicobra
round Sandaconda
round Cramorant
round Arrokuda
round Barraskewda
round Toxel
round Toxtricity
round Toxtricity
round Sizzlipede
round Centiskorch
round Clobbopus
round Grapploct
round Sinistea
round Polteageist
round Hatenna
round Hattrem
round Hatterene
round Impidimp
round Morgrem
round Grimmsnarl
round Obstagoon
round Perrserker
round Cursola
round Sirfetch'd
round Mr. Rime
round Runerigus
round Milcery
round Alcremie
round Falinks
round Pincurchin
round Snom
round Frosmoth
round Stonjourner
round Eiscue
round Indeedee
round Indeedee
round Morpeko
round Cufant
round Copperajah
round Dracozolt
round Arctozolt
round Dracovish
round Arctovish
round Duraludon
round Dreepy
round Drakloak
round Dragapult
round Zacian
round Zamazenta
round Eternatus
round Kubfu
round Urshifu
round Urshifu
round Zarude
round Regieleki
round Regidrago
round Glastrier
round Spectrier
round Calyrex
round Calyrex
round Calyrex
sacred-fire Entei
sacred-fire Ho-oh
sacred-sword Cobalion
sacred-sword Terrakion
sacred-sword Virizion
sacred-sword Keldeo
sacred-sword Honedge
sacred-sword Doublade
sacred-sword Aegislash
sacred-sword Aegislash
sacred-sword Kartana
sacred-sword Zacian
safeguard Butterfree
safeguard Vulpix
safeguard Ninetales
safeguard Mr. Mime
safeguard Mr. Mime
safeguard Moltres
safeguard Moltres
safeguard Dratini
safeguard Dragonair
safeguard Dragonite
safeguard Mewtwo
safeguard Togepi
safeguard Togetic
safeguard Wobbuffet
safeguard Shuckle
safeguard Lugia
safeguard Ho-oh
safeguard Swablu
safeguard Altaria
safeguard Milotic
safeguard Wynaut
safeguard Bronzor
safeguard Bronzong
safeguard Mime Jr.
safeguard Togekiss
safeguard Cresselia
safeguard Zygarde
safeguard Pyukumuku
safeguard Drampa
safeguard Mr. Rime
safeguard Bulbasaur
safeguard Ivysaur
safeguard Venusaur
safeguard Butterfree
safeguard Raichu
safeguard Raichu
safeguard Sandshrew
safeguard Sandshrew
safeguard Sandslash
safeguard Sandslash
safeguard Clefairy
safeguard Clefable
safeguard Vulpix
safeguard Vulpix
safeguard Ninetales
safeguard Ninetales
safeguard Jigglypuff
safeguard Wigglytuff
safeguard Vileplume
safeguard Growlithe
safeguard Arcanine
safeguard Abra
safeguard Kadabra
safeguard Alakazam
safeguard Tentacool
safeguard Tentacruel
safeguard Slowpoke
safeguard Slowpoke
safeguard Slowbro
safeguard Slowbro
safeguard Chansey
safeguard Kangaskhan
safeguard Mr. Mime
safeguard Mr. Mime
safeguard Scyther
safeguard Lapras
safeguard Moltres
safeguard Moltres
safeguard Dratini
safeguard Dragonair
safeguard Dragonite
safeguard Mewtwo
safeguard Mew
safeguard Cleffa
safeguard Igglybuff
safeguard Togepi
safeguard Togetic
safeguard Bellossom
safeguard Wooper
safeguard Quagsire
safeguard Slowking
safeguard Slowking
safeguard Wobbuffet
safeguard Scizor
safeguard Shuckle
safeguard Corsola
safeguard Corsola
safeguard Blissey
safeguard Lugia
safeguard Ho-oh
safeguard Celebi
safeguard Treecko
safeguard Grovyle
safeguard Sceptile
safeguard Ralts
safeguard Kirlia
safeguard Gardevoir
safeguard Swablu
safeguard Altaria
safeguard Lunatone
safeguard Solrock
safeguard Baltoy
safeguard Claydol
safeguard Milotic
safeguard Wynaut
safeguard Snorunt
safeguard Glalie
safeguard Relicanth
safeguard Regirock
safeguard Regice
safeguard Registeel
safeguard Latias
safeguard Latios
safeguard Kyogre
safeguard Groudon
safeguard Jirachi
safeguard Cherubi
safeguard Cherrim
safeguard Bronzor
safeguard Bronzong
safeguard Mime Jr.
safeguard Happiny
safeguard Snover
safeguard Abomasnow
safeguard Togekiss
safeguard Gallade
safeguard Froslass
safeguard Uxie
safeguard Mesprit
safeguard Azelf
safeguard Dialga
safeguard Palkia
safeguard Regigigas
safeguard Giratina
safeguard Giratina
safeguard Cresselia
safeguard Victini
safeguard Munna
safeguard Musharna
safeguard Woobat
safeguard Swoobat
safeguard Audino
safeguard Cottonee
safeguard Whimsicott
safeguard Petilil
safeguard Lilligant
safeguard Maractus
safeguard Sigilyph
safeguard Yamask
safeguard Yamask
safeguard Cofagrigus
safeguard Minccino
safeguard Cinccino
safeguard Gothita
safeguard Gothorita
safeguard Gothitelle
safeguard Solosis
safeguard Duosion
safeguard Reuniclus
safeguard Frillish
safeguard Jellicent
safeguard Elgyem
safeguard Beheeyem
safeguard Litwick
safeguard Lampent
safeguard Chandelure
safeguard Golett
safeguard Golurk
safeguard Larvesta
safeguard Volcarona
safeguard Cobalion
safeguard Terrakion
safeguard Virizion
safeguard Reshiram
safeguard Zekrom
safeguard Kyurem
safeguard Kyurem
safeguard Kyurem
safeguard Keldeo
safeguard Espurr
safeguard Meowstic
safeguard Meowstic
safeguard Swirlix
safeguard Slurpuff
safeguard Binacle
safeguard Barbaracle
safeguard Amaura
safeguard Aurorus
safeguard Sylveon
safeguard Carbink
safeguard Klefki
safeguard Phantump
safeguard Trevenant
safeguard Pumpkaboo
safeguard Gourgeist
safeguard Bergmite
safeguard Avalugg
safeguard Zygarde
safeguard Diancie
safeguard Rowlet
safeguard Dartrix
safeguard Decidueye
safeguard Cutiefly
safeguard Ribombee
safeguard Mareanie
safeguard Toxapex
safeguard Araquanid
safeguard Fomantis
safeguard Lurantis
safeguard Morelull
safeguard Shiinotic
safeguard Bounsweet
safeguard Steenee
safeguard Tsareena
safeguard Comfey
safeguard Oranguru
safeguard Pyukumuku
safeguard Mimikyu
safeguard Drampa
safeguard Jangmo-o
safeguard Hakamo-o
safeguard Kommo-o
safeguard Tapu Koko
safeguard Tapu Lele
safeguard Tapu Bulu
safeguard Tapu Fini
safeguard Solgaleo
safeguard Lunala
safeguard Nihilego
safeguard Stakataka
safeguard Sobble
safeguard Drizzile
safeguard Inteleon
safeguard Dottler
safeguard Orbeetle
safeguard Appletun
safeguard Hatenna
safeguard Hattrem
safeguard Hatterene
safeguard Cursola
safeguard Mr. Rime
safeguard Runerigus
safeguard Alcremie
safeguard Frosmoth
safeguard Stonjourner
safeguard Indeedee
safeguard Zamazenta
safeguard Calyrex
safeguard Calyrex
safeguard Calyrex
sand-attack Sandshrew
sand-attack Sandslash
sand-attack Diglett
sand-attack Diglett
sand-attack Dugtrio
sand-attack Dugtrio
sand-attack Farfetch'd
sand-attack Farfetch'd
sand-attack Eevee
sand-attack Vaporeon
sand-attack Jolteon
sand-attack Flareon
sand-attack Omanyte
sand-attack Omastar
sand-attack Kabuto
sand-attack Kabutops
sand-attack Espeon
sand-attack Umbreon
sand-attack Skarmory
sand-attack Torchic
sand-attack Combusken
sand-attack Blaziken
sand-attack Zigzagoon
sand-attack Zigzagoon
sand-attack Linoone
sand-attack Linoone
sand-attack Nincada
sand-attack Ninjask
sand-attack Shedinja
sand-attack Trapinch
sand-attack Vibrava
sand-attack Flygon
sand-attack Gible
sand-attack Gabite
sand-attack Garchomp
sand-attack Hippopotas
sand-attack Hippowdon
sand-attack Leafeon
sand-attack Glaceon
sand-attack Purrloin
sand-attack Liepard
sand-attack Roggenrola
sand-attack Boldore
sand-attack Gigalith
sand-attack Sandile
sand-attack Krokorok
sand-attack Krookodile
sand-attack Dwebble
sand-attack Crustle
sand-attack Scraggy
sand-attack Scrafty
sand-attack Durant
sand-attack Sylveon
sand-attack Rockruff
sand-attack Lycanroc
sand-attack Lycanroc
sand-attack Lycanroc
sand-attack Wimpod
sand-attack Golisopod
sand-attack Sandygast
sand-attack Palossand
sand-attack Silicobra
sand-attack Sandaconda
sand-attack Obstagoon
sand-attack Sirfetch'd
sand-attack Anorith
sand-attack Skorupi
sand-attack Drapion
sand-attack Trubbish
sand-attack Garbodor
sand-attack Binacle
sand-attack Barbaracle
sand-attack Salandit
sand-attack Salazzle
sand-attack Scorbunny
sand-attack Raboot
sand-attack Cinderace
sand-attack Rookidee
sand-attack Corvisquire
sand-attack Corviknight
sand-attack Yamper
sand-attack Boltund
sand-tomb Sandslash
sand-tomb Dugtrio
sand-tomb Dugtrio
sand-tomb Onix
sand-tomb Steelix
sand-tomb Trapinch
sand-tomb Vibrava
sand-tomb Flygon
sand-tomb Gible
sand-tomb Gabite
sand-tomb Garchomp
sand-tomb Hippopotas
sand-tomb Hippowdon
sand-tomb Sandile
sand-tomb Krokorok
sand-tomb Krookodile
sand-tomb Landorus
sand-tomb Landorus
sand-tomb Sandygast
sand-tomb Palossand
sand-tomb Silicobra
sand-tomb Sandaconda
sand-tomb Sandshrew
sand-tomb Sandslash
sand-tomb Nidoqueen
sand-tomb Nidoking
sand-tomb Dugtrio
sand-tomb Dugtrio
sand-tomb Onix
sand-tomb Mew
sand-tomb Sudowoodo
sand-tomb Steelix
sand-tomb Scizor
sand-tomb Shuckle
sand-tomb Swinub
sand-tomb Piloswine
sand-tomb Skarmory
sand-tomb Larvitar
sand-tomb Pupitar
sand-tomb Tyranitar
sand-tomb Marshtomp
sand-tomb Swampert
sand-tomb Lairon
sand-tomb Aggron
sand-tomb Trapinch
sand-tomb Vibrava
sand-tomb Flygon
sand-tomb Lunatone
sand-tomb Solrock
sand-tomb Whiscash
sand-tomb Baltoy
sand-tomb Claydol
sand-tomb Regirock
sand-tomb Registeel
sand-tomb Gastrodon
sand-tomb Bonsly
sand-tomb Gible
sand-tomb Gabite
sand-tomb Garchomp
sand-tomb Hippopotas
sand-tomb Hippowdon
sand-tomb Drapion
sand-tomb Mamoswine
sand-tomb Roggenrola
sand-tomb Boldore
sand-tomb Gigalith
sand-tomb Drilbur
sand-tomb Excadrill
sand-tomb Sandile
sand-tomb Krokorok
sand-tomb Krookodile
sand-tomb Dwebble
sand-tomb Crustle
sand-tomb Landorus
sand-tomb Landorus
sand-tomb Diggersby
sand-tomb Carbink
sand-tomb Diancie
sand-tomb Mudbray
sand-tomb Mudsdale
sand-tomb Sandygast
sand-tomb Palossand
sand-tomb Drednaw
sand-tomb Rolycoly
sand-tomb Carkol
sand-tomb Coalossal
sand-tomb Silicobra
sand-tomb Sandaconda
sand-tomb Runerigus
sand-tomb Stonjourner
sandsear-storm Landorus
sandsear-storm Landorus
sandstorm Sandshrew
sandstorm Sandslash
sandstorm Diglett
sandstorm Diglett
sandstorm Dugtrio
sandstorm Dugtrio
sandstorm Onix
sandstorm Steelix
sandstorm Larvitar
sandstorm Pupitar
sandstorm Tyranitar
sandstorm Trapinch
sandstorm Vibrava
sandstorm Flygon
sandstorm Baltoy
sandstorm Claydol
sandstorm Gible
sandstorm Gabite
sandstorm Garchomp
sandstorm Hippopotas
sandstorm Hippowdon
sandstorm Roggenrola
sandstorm Boldore
sandstorm Gigalith
sandstorm Drilbur
sandstorm Excadrill
sandstorm Sandile
sandstorm Krokorok
sandstorm Krookodile
sandstorm Landorus
sandstorm Landorus
sandstorm Zygarde
sandstorm Sandygast
sandstorm Palossand
sandstorm Silicobra
sandstorm Sandaconda
sandstorm Sandshrew
sandstorm Sandslash
sandstorm Nidoqueen
sandstorm Nidoking
sandstorm Diglett
sandstorm Diglett
sandstorm Dugtrio
sandstorm Dugtrio
sandstorm Onix
sandstorm Cubone
sandstorm Marowak
sandstorm Marowak
sandstorm Lickitung
sandstorm Rhyhorn
sandstorm Rhydon
sandstorm Chansey
sandstorm Kangaskhan
sandstorm Tauros
sandstorm Gyarados
sandstorm Omanyte
sandstorm Omastar
sandstorm Kabuto
sandstorm Kabutops
sandstorm Aerodactyl
sandstorm Snorlax
sandstorm Articuno
sandstorm Zapdos
sandstorm Moltres
sandstorm Dragonite
sandstorm Mewtwo
sandstorm Mew
sandstorm Sudowoodo
sandstorm Wooper
sandstorm Quagsire
sandstorm Steelix
sandstorm Scizor
sandstorm Shuckle
sandstorm Swinub
sandstorm Piloswine
sandstorm Corsola
sandstorm Corsola
sandstorm Skarmory
sandstorm Hitmontop
sandstorm Miltank
sandstorm Blissey
sandstorm Raikou
sandstorm Entei
sandstorm Suicune
sandstorm Larvitar
sandstorm Pupitar
sandstorm Tyranitar
sandstorm Lugia
sandstorm Ho-oh
sandstorm Celebi
sandstorm Nincada
sandstorm Ninjask
sandstorm Shedinja
sandstorm Mawile
sandstorm Aron
sandstorm Lairon
sandstorm Aggron
sandstorm Trapinch
sandstorm Vibrava
sandstorm Flygon
sandstorm Lunatone
sandstorm Solrock
sandstorm Barboach
sandstorm Whiscash
sandstorm Baltoy
sandstorm Claydol
sandstorm Lileep
sandstorm Cradily
sandstorm Anorith
sandstorm Armaldo
sandstorm Absol
sandstorm Relicanth
sandstorm Metang
sandstorm Metagross
sandstorm Regirock
sandstorm Registeel
sandstorm Latias
sandstorm Latios
sandstorm Groudon
sandstorm Rayquaza
sandstorm Jirachi
sandstorm Gastrodon
sandstorm Bronzor
sandstorm Bronzong
sandstorm Bonsly
sandstorm Gible
sandstorm Gabite
sandstorm Garchomp
sandstorm Munchlax
sandstorm Hippopotas
sandstorm Hippowdon
sandstorm Lickilicky
sandstorm Rhyperior
sandstorm Mamoswine
sandstorm Uxie
sandstorm Mesprit
sandstorm Azelf
sandstorm Dialga
sandstorm Palkia
sandstorm Roggenrola
sandstorm Boldore
sandstorm Gigalith
sandstorm Drilbur
sandstorm Excadrill
sandstorm Sandile
sandstorm Krokorok
sandstorm Krookodile
sandstorm Dwebble
sandstorm Crustle
sandstorm Yamask
sandstorm Tirtouga
sandstorm Carracosta
sandstorm Archen
sandstorm Archeops
sandstorm Ferrothorn
sandstorm Klink
sandstorm Klang
sandstorm Klinklang
sandstorm Accelgor
sandstorm Stunfisk
sandstorm Stunfisk
sandstorm Pawniard
sandstorm Bisharp
sandstorm Durant
sandstorm Cobalion
sandstorm Terrakion
sandstorm Landorus
sandstorm Landorus
sandstorm Bunnelby
sandstorm Diggersby
sandstorm Binacle
sandstorm Barbaracle
sandstorm Helioptile
sandstorm Heliolisk
sandstorm Tyrunt
sandstorm Tyrantrum
sandstorm Amaura
sandstorm Aurorus
sandstorm Carbink
sandstorm Zygarde
sandstorm Diancie
sandstorm Volcanion
sandstorm Lycanroc
sandstorm Lycanroc
sandstorm Lycanroc
sandstorm Mudbray
sandstorm Mudsdale
sandstorm Sandygast
sandstorm Palossand
sandstorm Type: Null
sandstorm Silvally
sandstorm Jangmo-o
sandstorm Hakamo-o
sandstorm Kommo-o
sandstorm Nihilego
sandstorm Stakataka
sandstorm Drednaw
sandstorm Rolycoly
sandstorm Carkol
sandstorm Coalossal
sandstorm Silicobra
sandstorm Sandaconda
sandstorm Cursola
sandstorm Runerigus
sandstorm Stonjourner
sappy-seed Eevee
scald Volcanion
scald Squirtle
scald Wartortle
scald Blastoise
scald Psyduck
scald Golduck
scald Poliwag
scald Poliwhirl
scald Poliwrath
scald Tentacool
scald Tentacruel
scald Slowpoke
scald Slowpoke
scald Slowbro
scald Slowbro
scald Krabby
scald Kingler
scald Horsea
scald Seadra
scald Goldeen
scald Seaking
scald Staryu
scald Starmie
scald Gyarados
scald Vaporeon
scald Omanyte
scald Omastar
scald Kabuto
scald Kabutops
scald Mew
scald Chinchou
scald Lanturn
scald Marill
scald Azumarill
scald Politoed
scald Wooper
scald Quagsire
scald Slowking
scald Slowking
scald Qwilfish
scald Corsola
scald Corsola
scald Remoraid
scald Octillery
scald Mantine
scald Kingdra
scald Raikou
scald Suicune
scald Mudkip
scald Marshtomp
scald Swampert
scald Lotad
scald Lombre
scald Ludicolo
scald Wingull
scald Pelipper
scald Azurill
scald Carvanha
scald Sharpedo
scald Wailmer
scald Wailord
scald Barboach
scald Whiscash
scald Corphish
scald Crawdaunt
scald Feebas
scald Milotic
scald Relicanth
scald Kyogre
scald Shellos
scald Gastrodon
scald Mantyke
scald Tympole
scald Palpitoad
scald Seismitoad
scald Basculin
scald Tirtouga
scald Carracosta
scald Frillish
scald Jellicent
scald Stunfisk
scald Stunfisk
scald Keldeo
scald Binacle
scald Barbaracle
scald Skrelp
scald Dragalge
scald Clauncher
scald Clawitzer
scald Volcanion
scald Popplio
scald Brionne
scald Primarina
scald Wishiwashi
scald Mareanie
scald Toxapex
scald Dewpider
scald Araquanid
scald Wimpod
scald Golisopod
scald Tapu Fini
scald Inteleon
scald Drednaw
scald Carkol
scald Coalossal
scald Cramorant
scald Arrokuda
scald Barraskewda
scald Sizzlipede
scald Centiskorch
scald Cursola
scald Pincurchin
scald Dracovish
scald Drakloak
scald Dragapult
scald Urshifu
scale-shot Charizard
scale-shot Horsea
scale-shot Seadra
scale-shot Goldeen
scale-shot Seaking
scale-shot Gyarados
scale-shot Dratini
scale-shot Dragonair
scale-shot Dragonite
scale-shot Mew
scale-shot Dunsparce
scale-shot Qwilfish
scale-shot Kingdra
scale-shot Lugia
scale-shot Sceptile
scale-shot Carvanha
scale-shot Sharpedo
scale-shot Flygon
scale-shot Feebas
scale-shot Milotic
scale-shot Relicanth
scale-shot Latias
scale-shot Latios
scale-shot Rayquaza
scale-shot Gible
scale-shot Gabite
scale-shot Garchomp
scale-shot Dialga
scale-shot Palkia
scale-shot Basculin
scale-shot Krookodile
scale-shot Axew
scale-shot Fraxure
scale-shot Haxorus
scale-shot Druddigon
scale-shot Hydreigon
scale-shot Reshiram
scale-shot Zekrom
scale-shot Kyurem
scale-shot Kyurem
scale-shot Kyurem
scale-shot Skrelp
scale-shot Dragalge
scale-shot Helioptile
scale-shot Heliolisk
scale-shot Tyrunt
scale-shot Tyrantrum
scale-shot Zygarde
scale-shot Wishiwashi
scale-shot Salandit
scale-shot Salazzle
scale-shot Turtonator
scale-shot Drampa
scale-shot Jangmo-o
scale-shot Hakamo-o
scale-shot Kommo-o
scale-shot Naganadel
scale-shot Inteleon
scale-shot Chewtle
scale-shot Drednaw
scale-shot Silicobra
scale-shot Sandaconda
scale-shot Arrokuda
scale-shot Barraskewda
scale-shot Regidrago
scary-face Charmander
scary-face Charmeleon
scary-face Charizard
scary-face Machop
scary-face Machoke
scary-face Machamp
scary-face Rhyhorn
scary-face Rhydon
scary-face Magmar
scary-face Tauros
scary-face Gyarados
scary-face Flareon
scary-face Aerodactyl
scary-face Magby
scary-face Entei
scary-face Larvitar
scary-face Pupitar
scary-face Tyranitar
scary-face Zigzagoon
scary-face Linoone
scary-face Carvanha
scary-face Sharpedo
scary-face Bagon
scary-face Shelgon
scary-face Salamence
scary-face Metang
scary-face Metagross
scary-face Kyogre
scary-face Groudon
scary-face Rayquaza
scary-face Shinx
scary-face Luxio
scary-face Luxray
scary-face Skorupi
scary-face Drapion
scary-face Rhyperior
scary-face Magmortar
scary-face Dialga
scary-face Palkia
scary-face Heatran
scary-face Giratina
scary-face Giratina
scary-face Timburr
scary-face Gurdurr
scary-face Conkeldurr
scary-face Basculin
scary-face Sandile
scary-face Krokorok
scary-face Krookodile
scary-face Scraggy
scary-face Scrafty
scary-face Cofagrigus
scary-face Archen
scary-face Archeops
scary-face Zorua
scary-face Zoroark
scary-face Karrablast
scary-face Escavalier
scary-face Axew
scary-face Fraxure
scary-face Haxorus
scary-face Druddigon
scary-face Pawniard
scary-face Bisharp
scary-face Bouffalant
scary-face Rufflet
scary-face Braviary
scary-face Deino
scary-face Zweilous
scary-face Hydreigon
scary-face Kyurem
scary-face Pumpkaboo
scary-face Gourgeist
scary-face Volcanion
scary-face Litten
scary-face Torracat
scary-face Incineroar
scary-face Rockruff
scary-face Lycanroc
scary-face Lycanroc
scary-face Lycanroc
scary-face Passimian
scary-face Type: Null
scary-face Silvally
scary-face Jangmo-o
scary-face Hakamo-o
scary-face Kommo-o
scary-face Tapu Bulu
scary-face Rookidee
scary-face Corvisquire
scary-face Corviknight
scary-face Toxtricity
scary-face Toxtricity
scary-face Obstagoon
scary-face Runerigus
scary-face Kubfu
scary-face Urshifu
scary-face Urshifu
scary-face Zarude
scary-face Charmander
scary-face Charmeleon
scary-face Charizard
scary-face Arcanine
scary-face Machop
scary-face Machoke
scary-face Machamp
scary-face Gastly
scary-face Haunter
scary-face Gengar
scary-face Onix
scary-face Rhyhorn
scary-face Rhydon
scary-face Magmar
scary-face Tauros
scary-face Gyarados
scary-face Flareon
scary-face Aerodactyl
scary-face Articuno
scary-face Zapdos
scary-face Moltres
scary-face Mew
scary-face Steelix
scary-face Qwilfish
scary-face Swinub
scary-face Piloswine
scary-face Magby
scary-face Entei
scary-face Larvitar
scary-face Pupitar
scary-face Tyranitar
scary-face Zigzagoon
scary-face Linoone
scary-face Aggron
scary-face Manectric
scary-face Carvanha
scary-face Sharpedo
scary-face Glalie
scary-face Bagon
scary-face Shelgon
scary-face Salamence
scary-face Metang
scary-face Metagross
scary-face Kyogre
scary-face Groudon
scary-face Rayquaza
scary-face Shinx
scary-face Luxio
scary-face Luxray
scary-face Stunky
scary-face Skuntank
scary-face Gible
scary-face Gabite
scary-face Garchomp
scary-face Lucario
scary-face Skorupi
scary-face Drapion
scary-face Rhyperior
scary-face Magmortar
scary-face Mamoswine
scary-face Dialga
scary-face Palkia
scary-face Heatran
scary-face Giratina
scary-face Giratina
scary-face Timburr
scary-face Gurdurr
scary-face Conkeldurr
scary-face Throh
scary-face Sawk
scary-face Basculin
scary-face Sandile
scary-face Krokorok
scary-face Krookodile
scary-face Scraggy
scary-face Scrafty
scary-face Cofagrigus
scary-face Archen
scary-face Archeops
scary-face Zorua
scary-face Zoroark
scary-face Karrablast
scary-face Escavalier
scary-face Axew
scary-face Fraxure
scary-face Haxorus
scary-face Beartic
scary-face Druddigon
scary-face Pawniard
scary-face Bisharp
scary-face Bouffalant
scary-face Rufflet
scary-face Braviary
scary-face Vullaby
scary-face Mandibuzz
scary-face Deino
scary-face Zweilous
scary-face Hydreigon
scary-face Cobalion
scary-face Terrakion
scary-face Tornadus
scary-face Tornadus
scary-face Thundurus
scary-face Thundurus
scary-face Landorus
scary-face Landorus
scary-face Kyurem
scary-face Kyurem
scary-face Kyurem
scary-face Pangoro
scary-face Malamar
scary-face Tyrunt
scary-face Tyrantrum
scary-face Pumpkaboo
scary-face Gourgeist
scary-face Volcanion
scary-face Litten
scary-face Torracat
scary-face Incineroar
scary-face Rockruff
scary-face Lycanroc
scary-face Lycanroc
scary-face Lycanroc
scary-face Mudsdale
scary-face Passimian
scary-face Type: Null
scary-face Silvally
scary-face Jangmo-o
scary-face Hakamo-o
scary-face Kommo-o
scary-face Tapu Bulu
scary-face Solgaleo
scary-face Lunala
scary-face Necrozma
scary-face Zeraora
scary-face Rillaboom
scary-face Rookidee
scary-face Corvisquire
scary-face Corviknight
scary-face Drednaw
scary-face Flapple
scary-face Barraskewda
scary-face Toxtricity
scary-face Toxtricity
scary-face Grapploct
scary-face Grimmsnarl
scary-face Obstagoon
scary-face Runerigus
scary-face Morpeko
scary-face Copperajah
scary-face Duraludon
scary-face Zacian
scary-face Zamazenta
scary-face Eternatus
scary-face Kubfu
scary-face Urshifu
scary-face Urshifu
scary-face Zarude
scary-face Glastrier
scary-face Spectrier
scary-face Calyrex
scary-face Calyrex
scorching-sands Charizard
scorching-sands Sandshrew
scorching-sands Sandslash
scorching-sands Nidoqueen
scorching-sands Nidoking
scorching-sands Ninetales
scorching-sands Diglett
scorching-sands Diglett
scorching-sands Dugtrio
scorching-sands Dugtrio
scorching-sands Arcanine
scorching-sands Rapidash
scorching-sands Onix
scorching-sands Cubone
scorching-sands Marowak
scorching-sands Marowak
scorching-sands Rhyhorn
scorching-sands Rhydon
scorching-sands Magmar
scorching-sands Flareon
scorching-sands Moltres
scorching-sands Mew
scorching-sands Steelix
scorching-sands Entei
scorching-sands Ho-oh
scorching-sands Blaziken
scorching-sands Torkoal
scorching-sands Trapinch
scorching-sands Vibrava
scorching-sands Flygon
scorching-sands Baltoy
scorching-sands Claydol
scorching-sands Groudon
scorching-sands Gible
scorching-sands Gabite
scorching-sands Garchomp
scorching-sands Hippopotas
scorching-sands Hippowdon
scorching-sands Rhyperior
scorching-sands Magmortar
scorching-sands Heatran
scorching-sands Victini
scorching-sands Drilbur
scorching-sands Excadrill
scorching-sands Sandile
scorching-sands Krokorok
scorching-sands Krookodile
scorching-sands Golett
scorching-sands Golurk
scorching-sands Heatmor
scorching-sands Reshiram
scorching-sands Diggersby
scorching-sands Zygarde
scorching-sands Volcanion
scorching-sands Incineroar
scorching-sands Sandygast
scorching-sands Palossand
scorching-sands Turtonator
scorching-sands Cinderace
scorching-sands Carkol
scorching-sands Coalossal
scorching-sands Silicobra
scorching-sands Sandaconda
scorching-sands Sizzlipede
scorching-sands Centiskorch
scratch Charmander
scratch Charmeleon
scratch Charizard
scratch Sandshrew
scratch Sandshrew
scratch Sandslash
scratch Sandslash
scratch Nidoran♀
scratch Nidorina
scratch Nidoqueen
scratch Diglett
scratch Dugtrio
scratch Meowth
scratch Meowth
scratch Meowth
scratch Persian
scratch Persian
scratch Psyduck
scratch Golduck
scratch Kabuto
scratch Kabutops
scratch Sneasel
scratch Torchic
scratch Combusken
scratch Blaziken
scratch Nincada
scratch Ninjask
scratch Shedinja
scratch Sableye
scratch Stunky
scratch Skuntank
scratch Weavile
scratch Purrloin
scratch Liepard
scratch Drilbur
scratch Excadrill
scratch Zorua
scratch Zoroark
scratch Axew
scratch Fraxure
scratch Haxorus
scratch Druddigon
scratch Pawniard
scratch Bisharp
scratch Espurr
scratch Meowstic
scratch Meowstic
scratch Binacle
scratch Barbaracle
scratch Litten
scratch Torracat
scratch Incineroar
scratch Salandit
scratch Salazzle
scratch Mimikyu
scratch Zeraora
scratch Grookey
scratch Thwackey
scratch Rillaboom
scratch Perrserker
scratch Zarude
screech Golbat
screech Meowth
screech Meowth
screech Meowth
screech Persian
screech Persian
screech Psyduck
screech Golduck
screech Tentacool
screech Tentacruel
screech Magnemite
screech Magneton
screech Onix
screech Lickitung
screech Electabuzz
screech Snorlax
screech Crobat
screech Umbreon
screech Dunsparce
screech Steelix
screech Sneasel
screech Elekid
screech Larvitar
screech Pupitar
screech Tyranitar
screech Treecko
screech Grovyle
screech Sceptile
screech Mudkip
screech Marshtomp
screech Swampert
screech Ninjask
screech Whismur
screech Loudred
screech Exploud
screech Carvanha
screech Sharpedo
screech Vibrava
screech Flygon
screech Stunky
screech Skuntank
screech Munchlax
screech Riolu
screech Lucario
screech Weavile
screech Magnezone
screech Lickilicky
screech Electivire
screech Venipede
screech Whirlipede
screech Scolipede
screech Joltik
screech Galvantula
screech Klink
screech Klang
screech Klinklang
screech Larvesta
screech Volcarona
screech Genesect
screech Noibat
screech Noivern
screech Jangmo-o
screech Hakamo-o
screech Kommo-o
screech Tapu Koko
screech Grookey
screech Thwackey
screech Rillaboom
screech Toxtricity
screech Toxtricity
screech Perrserker
screech Jigglypuff
screech Wigglytuff
screech Golbat
screech Diglett
screech Diglett
screech Dugtrio
screech Dugtrio
screech Meowth
screech Meowth
screech Meowth
screech Persian
screech Persian
screech Psyduck
screech Golduck
screech Tentacool
screech Tentacruel
screech Magnemite
screech Magneton
screech Shellder
screech Cloyster
screech Onix
screech Cubone
screech Marowak
screech Marowak
screech Lickitung
screech Koffing
screech Weezing
screech Weezing
screech Mr. Mime
screech Electabuzz
screech Magmar
screech Kabuto
screech Kabutops
screech Snorlax
screech Zapdos
screech Mew
screech Hoothoot
screech Noctowl
screech Crobat
screech Chinchou
screech Lanturn
screech Igglybuff
screech Politoed
screech Umbreon
screech Dunsparce
screech Steelix
screech Sneasel
screech Corsola
screech Corsola
screech Remoraid
screech Octillery
screech Elekid
screech Magby
screech Larvitar
screech Pupitar
screech Tyranitar
screech Treecko
screech Grovyle
screech Sceptile
screech Mudkip
screech Marshtomp
screech Swampert
screech Zigzagoon
screech Linoone
screech Shiftry
screech Ninjask
screech Whismur
screech Loudred
screech Exploud
screech Aron
screech Lairon
screech Aggron
screech Carvanha
screech Sharpedo
screech Vibrava
screech Flygon
screech Anorith
screech Armaldo
screech Vespiquen
screech Stunky
screech Skuntank
screech Munchlax
screech Riolu
screech Lucario
screech Skorupi
screech Drapion
screech Croagunk
screech Toxicroak
screech Weavile
screech Magnezone
screech Lickilicky
screech Electivire
screech Magmortar
screech Purrloin
screech Liepard
screech Tympole
screech Palpitoad
screech Seismitoad
screech Venipede
screech Whirlipede
screech Scolipede
screech Maractus
screech Garbodor
screech Karrablast
screech Escavalier
screech Joltik
screech Galvantula
screech Klink
screech Klang
screech Klinklang
screech Elgyem
screech Beheeyem
screech Stunfisk
screech Pawniard
screech Bisharp
screech Durant
screech Deino
screech Zweilous
screech Hydreigon
screech Larvesta
screech Volcarona
screech Genesect
screech Honedge
screech Doublade
screech Aegislash
screech Aegislash
screech Binacle
screech Barbaracle
screech Noibat
screech Noivern
screech Grubbin
screech Charjabug
screech Vikavolt
screech Wimpod
screech Golisopod
screech Pyukumuku
screech Mimikyu
screech Jangmo-o
screech Hakamo-o
screech Kommo-o
screech Tapu Koko
screech Kartana
screech Grookey
screech Thwackey
screech Rillaboom
screech Corviknight
screech Nickit
screech Thievul
screech Silicobra
screech Sandaconda
screech Toxtricity
screech Toxtricity
screech Obstagoon
screech Perrserker
screech Cursola
screech Mr. Rime
screech Falinks
screech Cufant
screech Copperajah
screech Duraludon
screech Eternatus
screech Regieleki
searing-shot Victini
secret-power Audino
secret-power Vulpix
secret-power Vulpix
secret-power Ninetales
secret-power Ninetales
secret-power Oddish
secret-power Gloom
secret-power Vileplume
secret-power Venonat
secret-power Venomoth
secret-power Psyduck
secret-power Golduck
secret-power Drowzee
secret-power Hypno
secret-power Togepi
secret-power Togetic
secret-power Bellossom
secret-power Yanma
secret-power Girafarig
secret-power Dunsparce
secret-power Meditite
secret-power Medicham
secret-power Togekiss
secret-power Yanmega
secret-power Munna
secret-power Musharna
secret-power Solosis
secret-power Duosion
secret-power Reuniclus
secret-power Bulbasaur
secret-power Ivysaur
secret-power Venusaur
secret-power Charmander
secret-power Charmeleon
secret-power Charizard
secret-power Squirtle
secret-power Wartortle
secret-power Blastoise
secret-power Butterfree
secret-power Beedrill
secret-power Pidgey
secret-power Pidgeotto
secret-power Pidgeot
secret-power Rattata
secret-power Raticate
secret-power Spearow
secret-power Fearow
secret-power Ekans
secret-power Arbok
secret-power Pikachu
secret-power Raichu
secret-power Sandshrew
secret-power Sandslash
secret-power Nidoran♀
secret-power Nidorina
secret-power Nidoqueen
secret-power Nidoran♂
secret-power Nidorino
secret-power Nidoking
secret-power Clefairy
secret-power Clefable
secret-power Jigglypuff
secret-power Wigglytuff
secret-power Zubat
secret-power Golbat
secret-power Paras
secret-power Parasect
secret-power Diglett
secret-power Dugtrio
secret-power Meowth
secret-power Persian
secret-power Mankey
secret-power Primeape
secret-power Growlithe
secret-power Arcanine
secret-power Poliwag
secret-power Poliwhirl
secret-power Poliwrath
secret-power Abra
secret-power Kadabra
secret-power Alakazam
secret-power Machop
secret-power Machoke
secret-power Machamp
secret-power Bellsprout
secret-power Weepinbell
secret-power Victreebel
secret-power Tentacool
secret-power Tentacruel
secret-power Geodude
secret-power Graveler
secret-power Golem
secret-power Ponyta
secret-power Rapidash
secret-power Slowpoke
secret-power Slowbro
secret-power Magnemite
secret-power Magneton
secret-power Farfetch'd
secret-power Doduo
secret-power Dodrio
secret-power Seel
secret-power Dewgong
secret-power Grimer
secret-power Muk
secret-power Shellder
secret-power Cloyster
secret-power Gastly
secret-power Haunter
secret-power Gengar
secret-power Onix
secret-power Krabby
secret-power Kingler
secret-power Voltorb
secret-power Electrode
secret-power Exeggcute
secret-power Exeggutor
secret-power Cubone
secret-power Marowak
secret-power Hitmonlee
secret-power Hitmonchan
secret-power Lickitung
secret-power Koffing
secret-power Weezing
secret-power Rhyhorn
secret-power Rhydon
secret-power Chansey
secret-power Tangela
secret-power Kangaskhan
secret-power Horsea
secret-power Seadra
secret-power Goldeen
secret-power Seaking
secret-power Staryu
secret-power Starmie
secret-power Mr. Mime
secret-power Scyther
secret-power Jynx
secret-power Electabuzz
secret-power Magmar
secret-power Pinsir
secret-power Tauros
secret-power Gyarados
secret-power Lapras
secret-power Eevee
secret-power Vaporeon
secret-power Jolteon
secret-power Flareon
secret-power Porygon
secret-power Omanyte
secret-power Omastar
secret-power Kabuto
secret-power Kabutops
secret-power Aerodactyl
secret-power Snorlax
secret-power Articuno
secret-power Zapdos
secret-power Moltres
secret-power Dratini
secret-power Dragonair
secret-power Dragonite
secret-power Mewtwo
secret-power Mew
secret-power Chikorita
secret-power Bayleef
secret-power Meganium
secret-power Cyndaquil
secret-power Quilava
secret-power Typhlosion
secret-power Totodile
secret-power Croconaw
secret-power Feraligatr
secret-power Sentret
secret-power Furret
secret-power Hoothoot
secret-power Noctowl
secret-power Ledyba
secret-power Ledian
secret-power Spinarak
secret-power Ariados
secret-power Crobat
secret-power Chinchou
secret-power Lanturn
secret-power Pichu
secret-power Cleffa
secret-power Igglybuff
secret-power Natu
secret-power Xatu
secret-power Mareep
secret-power Flaaffy
secret-power Ampharos
secret-power Marill
secret-power Azumarill
secret-power Sudowoodo
secret-power Politoed
secret-power Hoppip
secret-power Skiploom
secret-power Jumpluff
secret-power Aipom
secret-power Sunkern
secret-power Sunflora
secret-power Wooper
secret-power Quagsire
secret-power Espeon
secret-power Umbreon
secret-power Murkrow
secret-power Slowking
secret-power Misdreavus
secret-power Pineco
secret-power Forretress
secret-power Gligar
secret-power Steelix
secret-power Snubbull
secret-power Granbull
secret-power Qwilfish
secret-power Scizor
secret-power Shuckle
secret-power Heracross
secret-power Sneasel
secret-power Teddiursa
secret-power Ursaring
secret-power Slugma
secret-power Magcargo
secret-power Swinub
secret-power Piloswine
secret-power Corsola
secret-power Remoraid
secret-power Octillery
secret-power Delibird
secret-power Mantine
secret-power Skarmory
secret-power Houndour
secret-power Houndoom
secret-power Kingdra
secret-power Phanpy
secret-power Donphan
secret-power Porygon2
secret-power Stantler
secret-power Tyrogue
secret-power Hitmontop
secret-power Smoochum
secret-power Elekid
secret-power Magby
secret-power Miltank
secret-power Blissey
secret-power Raikou
secret-power Entei
secret-power Suicune
secret-power Larvitar
secret-power Pupitar
secret-power Tyranitar
secret-power Lugia
secret-power Ho-oh
secret-power Celebi
secret-power Treecko
secret-power Grovyle
secret-power Sceptile
secret-power Torchic
secret-power Combusken
secret-power Blaziken
secret-power Mudkip
secret-power Marshtomp
secret-power Swampert
secret-power Poochyena
secret-power Mightyena
secret-power Zigzagoon
secret-power Linoone
secret-power Beautifly
secret-power Dustox
secret-power Lotad
secret-power Lombre
secret-power Ludicolo
secret-power Seedot
secret-power Nuzleaf
secret-power Shiftry
secret-power Taillow
secret-power Swellow
secret-power Wingull
secret-power Pelipper
secret-power Ralts
secret-power Kirlia
secret-power Gardevoir
secret-power Surskit
secret-power Masquerain
secret-power Shroomish
secret-power Breloom
secret-power Slakoth
secret-power Vigoroth
secret-power Slaking
secret-power Nincada
secret-power Ninjask
secret-power Shedinja
secret-power Whismur
secret-power Loudred
secret-power Exploud
secret-power Makuhita
secret-power Hariyama
secret-power Azurill
secret-power Nosepass
secret-power Skitty
secret-power Delcatty
secret-power Sableye
secret-power Mawile
secret-power Aron
secret-power Lairon
secret-power Aggron
secret-power Electrike
secret-power Manectric
secret-power Plusle
secret-power Minun
secret-power Volbeat
secret-power Illumise
secret-power Roselia
secret-power Gulpin
secret-power Swalot
secret-power Carvanha
secret-power Sharpedo
secret-power Wailmer
secret-power Wailord
secret-power Numel
secret-power Camerupt
secret-power Torkoal
secret-power Spoink
secret-power Grumpig
secret-power Spinda
secret-power Trapinch
secret-power Vibrava
secret-power Flygon
secret-power Cacnea
secret-power Cacturne
secret-power Swablu
secret-power Altaria
secret-power Zangoose
secret-power Seviper
secret-power Lunatone
secret-power Solrock
secret-power Barboach
secret-power Whiscash
secret-power Corphish
secret-power Crawdaunt
secret-power Baltoy
secret-power Claydol
secret-power Lileep
secret-power Cradily
secret-power Anorith
secret-power Armaldo
secret-power Feebas
secret-power Milotic
secret-power Castform
secret-power Kecleon
secret-power Shuppet
secret-power Banette
secret-power Duskull
secret-power Dusclops
secret-power Tropius
secret-power Chimecho
secret-power Absol
secret-power Snorunt
secret-power Glalie
secret-power Spheal
secret-power Sealeo
secret-power Walrein
secret-power Clamperl
secret-power Huntail
secret-power Gorebyss
secret-power Relicanth
secret-power Luvdisc
secret-power Bagon
secret-power Shelgon
secret-power Salamence
secret-power Metang
secret-power Metagross
secret-power Regirock
secret-power Regice
secret-power Registeel
secret-power Latias
secret-power Latios
secret-power Kyogre
secret-power Groudon
secret-power Rayquaza
secret-power Jirachi
secret-power Deoxys
secret-power Deoxys
secret-power Deoxys
secret-power Deoxys
secret-power Turtwig
secret-power Grotle
secret-power Torterra
secret-power Chimchar
secret-power Monferno
secret-power Infernape
secret-power Piplup
secret-power Prinplup
secret-power Empoleon
secret-power Starly
secret-power Staravia
secret-power Staraptor
secret-power Bidoof
secret-power Bibarel
secret-power Kricketune
secret-power Shinx
secret-power Luxio
secret-power Luxray
secret-power Budew
secret-power Roserade
secret-power Cranidos
secret-power Rampardos
secret-power Shieldon
secret-power Bastiodon
secret-power Wormadam
secret-power Wormadam
secret-power Wormadam
secret-power Mothim
secret-power Vespiquen
secret-power Pachirisu
secret-power Buizel
secret-power Floatzel
secret-power Cherubi
secret-power Cherrim
secret-power Shellos
secret-power Gastrodon
secret-power Ambipom
secret-power Drifloon
secret-power Drifblim
secret-power Buneary
secret-power Lopunny
secret-power Mismagius
secret-power Honchkrow
secret-power Glameow
secret-power Purugly
secret-power Chingling
secret-power Stunky
secret-power Skuntank
secret-power Bronzor
secret-power Bronzong
secret-power Bonsly
secret-power Mime Jr.
secret-power Happiny
secret-power Chatot
secret-power Spiritomb
secret-power Gible
secret-power Gabite
secret-power Garchomp
secret-power Munchlax
secret-power Riolu
secret-power Lucario
secret-power Hippopotas
secret-power Hippowdon
secret-power Skorupi
secret-power Drapion
secret-power Croagunk
secret-power Toxicroak
secret-power Carnivine
secret-power Finneon
secret-power Lumineon
secret-power Mantyke
secret-power Snover
secret-power Abomasnow
secret-power Weavile
secret-power Magnezone
secret-power Lickilicky
secret-power Rhyperior
secret-power Tangrowth
secret-power Electivire
secret-power Magmortar
secret-power Leafeon
secret-power Glaceon
secret-power Gliscor
secret-power Mamoswine
secret-power Porygon-Z
secret-power Gallade
secret-power Probopass
secret-power Dusknoir
secret-power Froslass
secret-power Rotom
secret-power Rotom
secret-power Rotom
secret-power Rotom
secret-power Rotom
secret-power Rotom
secret-power Uxie
secret-power Mesprit
secret-power Azelf
secret-power Dialga
secret-power Palkia
secret-power Heatran
secret-power Regigigas
secret-power Giratina
secret-power Giratina
secret-power Cresselia
secret-power Phione
secret-power Manaphy
secret-power Darkrai
secret-power Shaymin
secret-power Shaymin
secret-power Arceus
secret-power Victini
secret-power Snivy
secret-power Servine
secret-power Serperior
secret-power Tepig
secret-power Pignite
secret-power Emboar
secret-power Oshawott
secret-power Dewott
secret-power Samurott
secret-power Patrat
secret-power Watchog
secret-power Lillipup
secret-power Herdier
secret-power Stoutland
secret-power Purrloin
secret-power Liepard
secret-power Pansage
secret-power Simisage
secret-power Pansear
secret-power Simisear
secret-power Panpour
secret-power Simipour
secret-power Pidove
secret-power Tranquill
secret-power Unfezant
secret-power Blitzle
secret-power Zebstrika
secret-power Roggenrola
secret-power Boldore
secret-power Gigalith
secret-power Woobat
secret-power Swoobat
secret-power Drilbur
secret-power Excadrill
secret-power Timburr
secret-power Gurdurr
secret-power Conkeldurr
secret-power Tympole
secret-power Palpitoad
secret-power Seismitoad
secret-power Throh
secret-power Sawk
secret-power Sewaddle
secret-power Swadloon
secret-power Leavanny
secret-power Venipede
secret-power Whirlipede
secret-power Scolipede
secret-power Cottonee
secret-power Whimsicott
secret-power Petilil
secret-power Lilligant
secret-power Basculin
secret-power Sandile
secret-power Krokorok
secret-power Krookodile
secret-power Darumaka
secret-power Darmanitan
secret-power Maractus
secret-power Dwebble
secret-power Crustle
secret-power Scraggy
secret-power Scrafty
secret-power Sigilyph
secret-power Yamask
secret-power Cofagrigus
secret-power Tirtouga
secret-power Carracosta
secret-power Archen
secret-power Archeops
secret-power Trubbish
secret-power Garbodor
secret-power Zorua
secret-power Zoroark
secret-power Minccino
secret-power Cinccino
secret-power Gothita
secret-power Gothorita
secret-power Gothitelle
secret-power Ducklett
secret-power Swanna
secret-power Vanillite
secret-power Vanillish
secret-power Vanilluxe
secret-power Deerling
secret-power Sawsbuck
secret-power Emolga
secret-power Karrablast
secret-power Escavalier
secret-power Foongus
secret-power Amoonguss
secret-power Frillish
secret-power Jellicent
secret-power Alomomola
secret-power Joltik
secret-power Galvantula
secret-power Ferroseed
secret-power Ferrothorn
secret-power Klink
secret-power Klang
secret-power Klinklang
secret-power Eelektrik
secret-power Eelektross
secret-power Elgyem
secret-power Beheeyem
secret-power Litwick
secret-power Lampent
secret-power Chandelure
secret-power Axew
secret-power Fraxure
secret-power Haxorus
secret-power Cubchoo
secret-power Beartic
secret-power Cryogonal
secret-power Shelmet
secret-power Accelgor
secret-power Stunfisk
secret-power Mienfoo
secret-power Mienshao
secret-power Druddigon
secret-power Golett
secret-power Golurk
secret-power Pawniard
secret-power Bisharp
secret-power Bouffalant
secret-power Rufflet
secret-power Braviary
secret-power Vullaby
secret-power Mandibuzz
secret-power Heatmor
secret-power Durant
secret-power Deino
secret-power Zweilous
secret-power Hydreigon
secret-power Larvesta
secret-power Volcarona
secret-power Cobalion
secret-power Terrakion
secret-power Virizion
secret-power Tornadus
secret-power Thundurus
secret-power Reshiram
secret-power Zekrom
secret-power Landorus
secret-power Kyurem
secret-power Kyurem
secret-power Kyurem
secret-power Keldeo
secret-power Meloetta
secret-power Genesect
secret-power Chespin
secret-power Quilladin
secret-power Chesnaught
secret-power Fennekin
secret-power Braixen
secret-power Delphox
secret-power Froakie
secret-power Frogadier
secret-power Greninja
secret-power Bunnelby
secret-power Diggersby
secret-power Fletchling
secret-power Fletchinder
secret-power Talonflame
secret-power Vivillon
secret-power Litleo
secret-power Pyroar
secret-power Flabébé
secret-power Floette
secret-power Florges
secret-power Skiddo
secret-power Gogoat
secret-power Pancham
secret-power Pangoro
secret-power Furfrou
secret-power Espurr
secret-power Meowstic
secret-power Meowstic
secret-power Honedge
secret-power Doublade
secret-power Aegislash
secret-power Spritzee
secret-power Aromatisse
secret-power Swirlix
secret-power Slurpuff
secret-power Inkay
secret-power Malamar
secret-power Binacle
secret-power Barbaracle
secret-power Skrelp
secret-power Dragalge
secret-power Clauncher
secret-power Clawitzer
secret-power Helioptile
secret-power Heliolisk
secret-power Tyrunt
secret-power Tyrantrum
secret-power Amaura
secret-power Aurorus
secret-power Sylveon
secret-power Hawlucha
secret-power Dedenne
secret-power Carbink
secret-power Goomy
secret-power Sliggoo
secret-power Goodra
secret-power Klefki
secret-power Phantump
secret-power Trevenant
secret-power Pumpkaboo
secret-power Gourgeist
secret-power Bergmite
secret-power Avalugg
secret-power Noibat
secret-power Noivern
secret-power Xerneas
secret-power Yveltal
secret-power Zygarde
secret-power Diancie
secret-power Hoopa
secret-power Hoopa
secret-power Volcanion
secret-sword Keldeo
seed-bomb Bulbasaur
seed-bomb Ivysaur
seed-bomb Venusaur
seed-bomb Exeggutor
seed-bomb Exeggutor
seed-bomb Pumpkaboo
seed-bomb Gourgeist
seed-bomb Bulbasaur
seed-bomb Ivysaur
seed-bomb Venusaur
seed-bomb Oddish
seed-bomb Gloom
seed-bomb Vileplume
seed-bomb Meowth
seed-bomb Meowth
seed-bomb Meowth
seed-bomb Persian
seed-bomb Persian
seed-bomb Exeggcute
seed-bomb Exeggutor
seed-bomb Exeggutor
seed-bomb Tangela
seed-bomb Snorlax
seed-bomb Mew
seed-bomb Bellossom
seed-bomb Remoraid
seed-bomb Octillery
seed-bomb Delibird
seed-bomb Mantine
seed-bomb Celebi
seed-bomb Treecko
seed-bomb Grovyle
seed-bomb Sceptile
seed-bomb Zigzagoon
seed-bomb Zigzagoon
seed-bomb Linoone
seed-bomb Linoone
seed-bomb Lotad
seed-bomb Lombre
seed-bomb Ludicolo
seed-bomb Seedot
seed-bomb Nuzleaf
seed-bomb Shiftry
seed-bomb Pelipper
seed-bomb Roselia
seed-bomb Lileep
seed-bomb Cradily
seed-bomb Budew
seed-bomb Roserade
seed-bomb Cherubi
seed-bomb Cherrim
seed-bomb Munchlax
seed-bomb Snover
seed-bomb Abomasnow
seed-bomb Tangrowth
seed-bomb Leafeon
seed-bomb Purrloin
seed-bomb Liepard
seed-bomb Cottonee
seed-bomb Whimsicott
seed-bomb Petilil
seed-bomb Lilligant
seed-bomb Maractus
seed-bomb Trubbish
seed-bomb Garbodor
seed-bomb Minccino
seed-bomb Cinccino
seed-bomb Foongus
seed-bomb Amoonguss
seed-bomb Ferroseed
seed-bomb Ferrothorn
seed-bomb Virizion
seed-bomb Phantump
seed-bomb Trevenant
seed-bomb Pumpkaboo
seed-bomb Gourgeist
seed-bomb Rowlet
seed-bomb Dartrix
seed-bomb Decidueye
seed-bomb Fomantis
seed-bomb Lurantis
seed-bomb Morelull
seed-bomb Shiinotic
seed-bomb Bounsweet
seed-bomb Steenee
seed-bomb Tsareena
seed-bomb Comfey
seed-bomb Passimian
seed-bomb Tapu Bulu
seed-bomb Celesteela
seed-bomb Skwovet
seed-bomb Greedent
seed-bomb Eldegoss
seed-bomb Flapple
seed-bomb Appletun
seed-bomb Obstagoon
seed-bomb Perrserker
seed-bomb Morpeko
seed-bomb Zarude
seed-bomb Calyrex
seed-bomb Calyrex
seed-bomb Calyrex
seed-flare Shaymin
seed-flare Shaymin
seismic-toss Machop
seismic-toss Machoke
seismic-toss Machamp
seismic-toss Pinsir
seismic-toss Throh
seismic-toss Chansey
seismic-toss Heracross
seismic-toss Miltank
seismic-toss Blissey
seismic-toss Mawile
seismic-toss Happiny
seismic-toss Pancham
seismic-toss Pangoro
seismic-toss Passimian
seismic-toss Clobbopus
seismic-toss Grapploct
self-destruct Koffing
self-destruct Weezing
self-destruct Weezing
self-destruct Baltoy
self-destruct Claydol
self-destruct Drifloon
self-destruct Drifblim
self-destruct Ferroseed
self-destruct Ferrothorn
self-destruct Genesect
self-destruct Jigglypuff
self-destruct Wigglytuff
self-destruct Shellder
self-destruct Cloyster
self-destruct Gastly
self-destruct Haunter
self-destruct Gengar
self-destruct Onix
self-destruct Exeggcute
self-destruct Exeggutor
self-destruct Exeggutor
self-destruct Koffing
self-destruct Weezing
self-destruct Weezing
self-destruct Snorlax
self-destruct Mewtwo
self-destruct Mew
self-destruct Sudowoodo
self-destruct Steelix
self-destruct Qwilfish
self-destruct Corsola
self-destruct Corsola
self-destruct Seedot
self-destruct Nuzleaf
self-destruct Shiftry
self-destruct Wailmer
self-destruct Wailord
self-destruct Torkoal
self-destruct Lunatone
self-destruct Solrock
self-destruct Baltoy
self-destruct Claydol
self-destruct Glalie
self-destruct Metang
self-destruct Metagross
self-destruct Regirock
self-destruct Regice
self-destruct Registeel
self-destruct Drifloon
self-destruct Drifblim
self-destruct Bonsly
self-destruct Munchlax
self-destruct Magnezone
self-destruct Lickilicky
self-destruct Azelf
self-destruct Heatran
self-destruct Gigalith
self-destruct Trubbish
self-destruct Garbodor
self-destruct Vanillite
self-destruct Vanillish
self-destruct Vanilluxe
self-destruct Ferroseed
self-destruct Ferrothorn
self-destruct Cryogonal
self-destruct Golett
self-destruct Golurk
self-destruct Landorus
self-destruct Landorus
self-destruct Genesect
self-destruct Volcanion
self-destruct Silvally
self-destruct Celesteela
self-destruct Magearna
self-destruct Blacephalon
self-destruct Melmetal
self-destruct Rolycoly
self-destruct Carkol
self-destruct Coalossal
self-destruct Polteageist
self-destruct Cursola
self-destruct Pincurchin
self-destruct Stonjourner
self-destruct Regieleki
self-destruct Regidrago
shadow-ball Gastly
shadow-ball Haunter
shadow-ball Gengar
shadow-ball Shedinja
shadow-ball Sableye
shadow-ball Duskull
shadow-ball Dusclops
shadow-ball Drifloon
shadow-ball Drifblim
shadow-ball Spiritomb
shadow-ball Dusknoir
shadow-ball Froslass
shadow-ball Yamask
shadow-ball Yamask
shadow-ball Cofagrigus
shadow-ball Frillish
shadow-ball Jellicent
shadow-ball Litwick
shadow-ball Lampent
shadow-ball Chandelure
shadow-ball Golett
shadow-ball Golurk
shadow-ball Meowstic
shadow-ball Pumpkaboo
shadow-ball Gourgeist
shadow-ball Sandygast
shadow-ball Palossand
shadow-ball Dhelmise
shadow-ball Lunala
shadow-ball Blacephalon
shadow-ball Sinistea
shadow-ball Polteageist
shadow-ball Runerigus
shadow-ball Spectrier
shadow-ball Calyrex
shadow-ball Butterfree
shadow-ball Nidoqueen
shadow-ball Nidoking
shadow-ball Clefairy
shadow-ball Clefable
shadow-ball Ninetales
shadow-ball Jigglypuff
shadow-ball Wigglytuff
shadow-ball Zubat
shadow-ball Golbat
shadow-ball Meowth
shadow-ball Meowth
shadow-ball Meowth
shadow-ball Persian
shadow-ball Persian
shadow-ball Abra
shadow-ball Kadabra
shadow-ball Alakazam
shadow-ball Slowpoke
shadow-ball Slowpoke
shadow-ball Slowbro
shadow-ball Slowbro
shadow-ball Gastly
shadow-ball Haunter
shadow-ball Gengar
shadow-ball Marowak
shadow-ball Lickitung
shadow-ball Koffing
shadow-ball Weezing
shadow-ball Weezing
shadow-ball Chansey
shadow-ball Kangaskhan
shadow-ball Mr. Mime
shadow-ball Mr. Mime
shadow-ball Jynx
shadow-ball Eevee
shadow-ball Vaporeon
shadow-ball Jolteon
shadow-ball Flareon
shadow-ball Porygon
shadow-ball Snorlax
shadow-ball Articuno
shadow-ball Moltres
shadow-ball Mewtwo
shadow-ball Mew
shadow-ball Hoothoot
shadow-ball Noctowl
shadow-ball Crobat
shadow-ball Cleffa
shadow-ball Igglybuff
shadow-ball Togepi
shadow-ball Togetic
shadow-ball Natu
shadow-ball Xatu
shadow-ball Espeon
shadow-ball Umbreon
shadow-ball Slowking
shadow-ball Slowking
shadow-ball Dunsparce
shadow-ball Qwilfish
shadow-ball Sneasel
shadow-ball Corsola
shadow-ball Corsola
shadow-ball Porygon2
shadow-ball Smoochum
shadow-ball Miltank
shadow-ball Blissey
shadow-ball Raikou
shadow-ball Entei
shadow-ball Suicune
shadow-ball Lugia
shadow-ball Ho-oh
shadow-ball Celebi
shadow-ball Zigzagoon
shadow-ball Zigzagoon
shadow-ball Linoone
shadow-ball Linoone
shadow-ball Seedot
shadow-ball Nuzleaf
shadow-ball Shiftry
shadow-ball Ralts
shadow-ball Kirlia
shadow-ball Gardevoir
shadow-ball Nincada
shadow-ball Ninjask
shadow-ball Shedinja
shadow-ball Whismur
shadow-ball Loudred
shadow-ball Exploud
shadow-ball Sableye
shadow-ball Mawile
shadow-ball Roselia
shadow-ball Lunatone
shadow-ball Solrock
shadow-ball Baltoy
shadow-ball Claydol
shadow-ball Duskull
shadow-ball Dusclops
shadow-ball Absol
shadow-ball Snorunt
shadow-ball Glalie
shadow-ball Metang
shadow-ball Metagross
shadow-ball Latias
shadow-ball Latios
shadow-ball Jirachi
shadow-ball Budew
shadow-ball Roserade
shadow-ball Drifloon
shadow-ball Drifblim
shadow-ball Buneary
shadow-ball Lopunny
shadow-ball Stunky
shadow-ball Skuntank
shadow-ball Bronzor
shadow-ball Bronzong
shadow-ball Mime Jr.
shadow-ball Happiny
shadow-ball Spiritomb
shadow-ball Munchlax
shadow-ball Lucario
shadow-ball Skorupi
shadow-ball Drapion
shadow-ball Croagunk
shadow-ball Toxicroak
shadow-ball Snover
shadow-ball Abomasnow
shadow-ball Weavile
shadow-ball Lickilicky
shadow-ball Togekiss
shadow-ball Leafeon
shadow-ball Glaceon
shadow-ball Porygon-Z
shadow-ball Gallade
shadow-ball Dusknoir
shadow-ball Froslass
shadow-ball Rotom
shadow-ball Rotom
shadow-ball Rotom
shadow-ball Rotom
shadow-ball Rotom
shadow-ball Rotom
shadow-ball Uxie
shadow-ball Mesprit
shadow-ball Azelf
shadow-ball Giratina
shadow-ball Giratina
shadow-ball Cresselia
shadow-ball Victini
shadow-ball Lillipup
shadow-ball Herdier
shadow-ball Stoutland
shadow-ball Purrloin
shadow-ball Liepard
shadow-ball Munna
shadow-ball Musharna
shadow-ball Woobat
shadow-ball Swoobat
shadow-ball Audino
shadow-ball Whimsicott
shadow-ball Sigilyph
shadow-ball Yamask
shadow-ball Yamask
shadow-ball Cofagrigus
shadow-ball Zorua
shadow-ball Zoroark
shadow-ball Gothita
shadow-ball Gothorita
shadow-ball Gothitelle
shadow-ball Solosis
shadow-ball Duosion
shadow-ball Reuniclus
shadow-ball Frillish
shadow-ball Jellicent
shadow-ball Elgyem
shadow-ball Beheeyem
shadow-ball Litwick
shadow-ball Lampent
shadow-ball Chandelure
shadow-ball Golett
shadow-ball Golurk
shadow-ball Vullaby
shadow-ball Mandibuzz
shadow-ball Reshiram
shadow-ball Zekrom
shadow-ball Kyurem
shadow-ball Kyurem
shadow-ball Kyurem
shadow-ball Meowstic
shadow-ball Meowstic
shadow-ball Aegislash
shadow-ball Aegislash
shadow-ball Skrelp
shadow-ball Dragalge
shadow-ball Clawitzer
shadow-ball Sylveon
shadow-ball Phantump
shadow-ball Trevenant
shadow-ball Pumpkaboo
shadow-ball Gourgeist
shadow-ball Noibat
shadow-ball Noivern
shadow-ball Yveltal
shadow-ball Decidueye
shadow-ball Primarina
shadow-ball Oranguru
shadow-ball Passimian
shadow-ball Sandygast
shadow-ball Palossand
shadow-ball Silvally
shadow-ball Mimikyu
shadow-ball Drampa
shadow-ball Dhelmise
shadow-ball Tapu Lele
shadow-ball Tapu Fini
shadow-ball Lunala
shadow-ball Magearna
shadow-ball Marshadow
shadow-ball Blacephalon
shadow-ball Cinderace
shadow-ball Inteleon
shadow-ball Dottler
shadow-ball Orbeetle
shadow-ball Thievul
shadow-ball Sinistea
shadow-ball Polteageist
shadow-ball Hatterene
shadow-ball Obstagoon
shadow-ball Perrserker
shadow-ball Cursola
shadow-ball Mr. Rime
shadow-ball Runerigus
shadow-ball Indeedee
shadow-ball Indeedee
shadow-ball Drakloak
shadow-ball Dragapult
shadow-ball Eternatus
shadow-ball Spectrier
shadow-ball Calyrex
shadow-claw Shedinja
shadow-claw Sableye
shadow-claw Giratina
shadow-claw Giratina
shadow-claw Cofagrigus
shadow-claw Trevenant
shadow-claw Mimikyu
shadow-claw Runerigus
shadow-claw Charmander
shadow-claw Charmeleon
shadow-claw Charizard
shadow-claw Sandshrew
shadow-claw Sandshrew
shadow-claw Sandslash
shadow-claw Sandslash
shadow-claw Nidoran♀
shadow-claw Nidorina
shadow-claw Nidoqueen
shadow-claw Nidoran♂
shadow-claw Nidorino
shadow-claw Nidoking
shadow-claw Diglett
shadow-claw Diglett
shadow-claw Dugtrio
shadow-claw Dugtrio
shadow-claw Meowth
shadow-claw Meowth
shadow-claw Meowth
shadow-claw Persian
shadow-claw Persian
shadow-claw Psyduck
shadow-claw Golduck
shadow-claw Haunter
shadow-claw Gengar
shadow-claw Rhydon
shadow-claw Kangaskhan
shadow-claw Mew
shadow-claw Heracross
shadow-claw Sneasel
shadow-claw Tyranitar
shadow-claw Torchic
shadow-claw Combusken
shadow-claw Blaziken
shadow-claw Linoone
shadow-claw Linoone
shadow-claw Shedinja
shadow-claw Sableye
shadow-claw Aron
shadow-claw Lairon
shadow-claw Aggron
shadow-claw Armaldo
shadow-claw Absol
shadow-claw Bagon
shadow-claw Shelgon
shadow-claw Salamence
shadow-claw Registeel
shadow-claw Latias
shadow-claw Latios
shadow-claw Groudon
shadow-claw Rayquaza
shadow-claw Stunky
shadow-claw Skuntank
shadow-claw Gible
shadow-claw Gabite
shadow-claw Garchomp
shadow-claw Riolu
shadow-claw Lucario
shadow-claw Weavile
shadow-claw Rhyperior
shadow-claw Dialga
shadow-claw Palkia
shadow-claw Giratina
shadow-claw Giratina
shadow-claw Purrloin
shadow-claw Liepard
shadow-claw Drilbur
shadow-claw Excadrill
shadow-claw Krokorok
shadow-claw Krookodile
shadow-claw Dwebble
shadow-claw Crustle
shadow-claw Cofagrigus
shadow-claw Archen
shadow-claw Archeops
shadow-claw Zoroark
shadow-claw Ferrothorn
shadow-claw Fraxure
shadow-claw Haxorus
shadow-claw Cubchoo
shadow-claw Beartic
shadow-claw Druddigon
shadow-claw Pawniard
shadow-claw Bisharp
shadow-claw Rufflet
shadow-claw Braviary
shadow-claw Heatmor
shadow-claw Durant
shadow-claw Reshiram
shadow-claw Zekrom
shadow-claw Kyurem
shadow-claw Kyurem
shadow-claw Kyurem
shadow-claw Genesect
shadow-claw Pancham
shadow-claw Pangoro
shadow-claw Honedge
shadow-claw Doublade
shadow-claw Aegislash
shadow-claw Aegislash
shadow-claw Binacle
shadow-claw Barbaracle
shadow-claw Phantump
shadow-claw Trevenant
shadow-claw Noibat
shadow-claw Noivern
shadow-claw Yveltal
shadow-claw Rowlet
shadow-claw Dartrix
shadow-claw Decidueye
shadow-claw Litten
shadow-claw Torracat
shadow-claw Incineroar
shadow-claw Salandit
shadow-claw Salazzle
shadow-claw Bewear
shadow-claw Golisopod
shadow-claw Type: Null
shadow-claw Silvally
shadow-claw Mimikyu
shadow-claw Drampa
shadow-claw Dhelmise
shadow-claw Jangmo-o
shadow-claw Hakamo-o
shadow-claw Kommo-o
shadow-claw Lunala
shadow-claw Guzzlord
shadow-claw Necrozma
shadow-claw Marshadow
shadow-claw Naganadel
shadow-claw Blacephalon
shadow-claw Thievul
shadow-claw Hatterene
shadow-claw Morgrem
shadow-claw Grimmsnarl
shadow-claw Obstagoon
shadow-claw Perrserker
shadow-claw Runerigus
shadow-force Giratina
shadow-force Giratina
shadow-punch Haunter
shadow-punch Gengar
shadow-punch Dusclops
shadow-punch Dusknoir
shadow-punch Golett
shadow-punch Golurk
shadow-punch Marshadow
shadow-sneak Shedinja
shadow-sneak Sableye
shadow-sneak Duskull
shadow-sneak Dusclops
shadow-sneak Spiritomb
shadow-sneak Dusknoir
shadow-sneak Giratina
shadow-sneak Giratina
shadow-sneak Honedge
shadow-sneak Doublade
shadow-sneak Aegislash
shadow-sneak Aegislash
shadow-sneak Pumpkaboo
shadow-sneak Gourgeist
shadow-sneak Rowlet
shadow-sneak Dartrix
shadow-sneak Decidueye
shadow-sneak Mimikyu
shadow-sneak Marshadow
shadow-sneak Ralts
shadow-sneak Kirlia
shadow-sneak Gardevoir
shadow-sneak Gallade
sharpen Porygon
sharpen Cryogonal
sharpen Carbink
sharpen Bergmite
sharpen Avalugg
sharpen Diancie
sheer-cold Vulpix
sheer-cold Ninetales
sheer-cold Lapras
sheer-cold Articuno
sheer-cold Suicune
sheer-cold Glalie
sheer-cold Spheal
sheer-cold Sealeo
sheer-cold Walrein
sheer-cold Kyogre
sheer-cold Snover
sheer-cold Abomasnow
sheer-cold Vanillite
sheer-cold Vanillish
sheer-cold Vanilluxe
sheer-cold Cubchoo
sheer-cold Beartic
sheer-cold Cryogonal
sheer-cold Kyurem
sheer-cold Kyurem
sheer-cold Kyurem
shell-side-arm Slowbro
shell-smash Squirtle
shell-smash Wartortle
shell-smash Blastoise
shell-smash Shellder
shell-smash Cloyster
shell-smash Omanyte
shell-smash Omastar
shell-smash Shuckle
shell-smash Torkoal
shell-smash Dwebble
shell-smash Crustle
shell-smash Tirtouga
shell-smash Carracosta
shell-smash Binacle
shell-smash Barbaracle
shell-smash Turtonator
shell-smash Sinistea
shell-smash Polteageist
shell-trap Turtonator
shelter Goomy
shelter Sliggoo
shelter Goodra
shift-gear Klink
shift-gear Klang
shift-gear Klinklang
shift-gear Magearna
shift-gear Toxtricity
shock-wave Electabuzz
shock-wave Elekid
shock-wave Electrike
shock-wave Manectric
shock-wave Electivire
shock-wave Rotom
shock-wave Rotom
shock-wave Rotom
shock-wave Rotom
shock-wave Rotom
shock-wave Rotom
shock-wave Thundurus
shock-wave Thundurus
shock-wave Tapu Koko
shock-wave Xurkitree
shock-wave Toxtricity
shock-wave Toxtricity
shock-wave Regieleki
shock-wave Shinx
shock-wave Luxio
shock-wave Luxray
shock-wave Emolga
shore-up Sandygast
shore-up Palossand
signal-beam Venonat
signal-beam Venomoth
signal-beam Dewgong
signal-beam Dewgong
signal-beam Porygon
signal-beam Chinchou
signal-beam Lanturn
signal-beam Mareep
signal-beam Flaaffy
signal-beam Ampharos
signal-beam Remoraid
signal-beam Octillery
signal-beam Mantine
signal-beam Porygon2
signal-beam Volbeat
signal-beam Porygon-Z
signal-beam Joltik
signal-beam Galvantula
signal-beam Genesect
signal-beam Meowstic
signal-beam Xurkitree
signal-beam Venonat
signal-beam Venomoth
signal-beam Seel
signal-beam Dewgong
signal-beam Horsea
signal-beam Seadra
signal-beam Goldeen
signal-beam Seaking
signal-beam Spinarak
signal-beam Ariados
signal-beam Yanma
signal-beam Qwilfish
signal-beam Mantine
signal-beam Kingdra
signal-beam Surskit
signal-beam Masquerain
signal-beam Trapinch
signal-beam Vibrava
signal-beam Flygon
signal-beam Spheal
signal-beam Sealeo
signal-beam Walrein
signal-beam Shinx
signal-beam Luxio
signal-beam Luxray
signal-beam Finneon
signal-beam Lumineon
signal-beam Mantyke
signal-beam Yanmega
signal-beam Blastoise
signal-beam Butterfree
signal-beam Pikachu
signal-beam Raichu
signal-beam Raichu
signal-beam Clefairy
signal-beam Clefable
signal-beam Venonat
signal-beam Venomoth
signal-beam Psyduck
signal-beam Golduck
signal-beam Abra
signal-beam Kadabra
signal-beam Alakazam
signal-beam Slowpoke
signal-beam Slowbro
signal-beam Magnemite
signal-beam Magneton
signal-beam Seel
signal-beam Dewgong
signal-beam Cloyster
signal-beam Drowzee
signal-beam Hypno
signal-beam Voltorb
signal-beam Electrode
signal-beam Horsea
signal-beam Seadra
signal-beam Goldeen
signal-beam Seaking
signal-beam Staryu
signal-beam Starmie
signal-beam Mr. Mime
signal-beam Jynx
signal-beam Electabuzz
signal-beam Lapras
signal-beam Vaporeon
signal-beam Jolteon
signal-beam Porygon
signal-beam Articuno
signal-beam Zapdos
signal-beam Mewtwo
signal-beam Mew
signal-beam Spinarak
signal-beam Ariados
signal-beam Chinchou
signal-beam Lanturn
signal-beam Pichu
signal-beam Cleffa
signal-beam Togepi
signal-beam Togetic
signal-beam Natu
signal-beam Xatu
signal-beam Mareep
signal-beam Flaaffy
signal-beam Ampharos
signal-beam Yanma
signal-beam Espeon
signal-beam Slowking
signal-beam Girafarig
signal-beam Forretress
signal-beam Qwilfish
signal-beam Remoraid
signal-beam Octillery
signal-beam Delibird
signal-beam Mantine
signal-beam Kingdra
signal-beam Porygon2
signal-beam Stantler
signal-beam Smoochum
signal-beam Elekid
signal-beam Raikou
signal-beam Suicune
signal-beam Lugia
signal-beam Ho-oh
signal-beam Celebi
signal-beam Beautifly
signal-beam Dustox
signal-beam Ralts
signal-beam Kirlia
signal-beam Gardevoir
signal-beam Surskit
signal-beam Masquerain
signal-beam Sableye
signal-beam Meditite
signal-beam Medicham
signal-beam Electrike
signal-beam Manectric
signal-beam Plusle
signal-beam Minun
signal-beam Volbeat
signal-beam Spoink
signal-beam Grumpig
signal-beam Trapinch
signal-beam Vibrava
signal-beam Flygon
signal-beam Lunatone
signal-beam Solrock
signal-beam Baltoy
signal-beam Claydol
signal-beam Chimecho
signal-beam Glalie
signal-beam Spheal
signal-beam Sealeo
signal-beam Walrein
signal-beam Gorebyss
signal-beam Metang
signal-beam Metagross
signal-beam Regice
signal-beam Kyogre
signal-beam Jirachi
signal-beam Deoxys
signal-beam Deoxys
signal-beam Deoxys
signal-beam Deoxys
signal-beam Piplup
signal-beam Prinplup
signal-beam Empoleon
signal-beam Shinx
signal-beam Luxio
signal-beam Luxray
signal-beam Wormadam
signal-beam Wormadam
signal-beam Wormadam
signal-beam Mothim
signal-beam Vespiquen
signal-beam Chingling
signal-beam Bronzor
signal-beam Bronzong
signal-beam Mime Jr.
signal-beam Finneon
signal-beam Lumineon
signal-beam Mantyke
signal-beam Magnezone
signal-beam Electivire
signal-beam Togekiss
signal-beam Yanmega
signal-beam Glaceon
signal-beam Porygon-Z
signal-beam Gallade
signal-beam Froslass
signal-beam Rotom
signal-beam Rotom
signal-beam Rotom
signal-beam Rotom
signal-beam Rotom
signal-beam Rotom
signal-beam Uxie
signal-beam Mesprit
signal-beam Azelf
signal-beam Cresselia
signal-beam Phione
signal-beam Manaphy
signal-beam Arceus
signal-beam Victini
signal-beam Watchog
signal-beam Munna
signal-beam Musharna
signal-beam Blitzle
signal-beam Zebstrika
signal-beam Woobat
signal-beam Swoobat
signal-beam Audino
signal-beam Sewaddle
signal-beam Swadloon
signal-beam Leavanny
signal-beam Venipede
signal-beam Whirlipede
signal-beam Scolipede
signal-beam Sigilyph
signal-beam Gothita
signal-beam Gothorita
signal-beam Gothitelle
signal-beam Solosis
signal-beam Duosion
signal-beam Reuniclus
signal-beam Vanillite
signal-beam Vanillish
signal-beam Vanilluxe
signal-beam Emolga
signal-beam Karrablast
signal-beam Escavalier
signal-beam Joltik
signal-beam Galvantula
signal-beam Klink
signal-beam Klang
signal-beam Klinklang
signal-beam Eelektrik
signal-beam Eelektross
signal-beam Elgyem
signal-beam Beheeyem
signal-beam Cryogonal
signal-beam Shelmet
signal-beam Accelgor
signal-beam Golett
signal-beam Golurk
signal-beam Hydreigon
signal-beam Larvesta
signal-beam Volcarona
signal-beam Zekrom
signal-beam Kyurem
signal-beam Kyurem
signal-beam Kyurem
signal-beam Meloetta
signal-beam Genesect
signal-beam Delphox
signal-beam Vivillon
signal-beam Espurr
signal-beam Meowstic
signal-beam Meowstic
signal-beam Malamar
signal-beam Helioptile
signal-beam Heliolisk
signal-beam Dedenne
signal-beam Hoopa
signal-beam Hoopa
signal-beam Vikavolt
signal-beam Cutiefly
signal-beam Ribombee
signal-beam Dewpider
signal-beam Araquanid
signal-beam Fomantis
signal-beam Lurantis
signal-beam Morelull
signal-beam Shiinotic
signal-beam Type: Null
signal-beam Silvally
signal-beam Bruxish
signal-beam Drampa
signal-beam Lunala
signal-beam Pheromosa
signal-beam Xurkitree
signal-beam Necrozma
signal-beam Magearna
signal-beam Poipole
signal-beam Naganadel
silver-wind Butterfree
silver-wind Venomoth
silver-wind Ledyba
silver-wind Ledian
silver-wind Beautifly
silver-wind Dustox
silver-wind Masquerain
silver-wind Mothim
silver-wind Finneon
silver-wind Lumineon
silver-wind Volcarona
silver-wind Cutiefly
silver-wind Ribombee
silver-wind Pheromosa
silver-wind Scyther
silver-wind Ledyba
silver-wind Ledian
silver-wind Yanma
silver-wind Scizor
silver-wind Nincada
silver-wind Ninjask
silver-wind Shedinja
silver-wind Volbeat
silver-wind Illumise
silver-wind Yanmega
silver-wind Sewaddle
silver-wind Swadloon
silver-wind Leavanny
silver-wind Beedrill
silver-wind Mew
silver-wind Hoothoot
silver-wind Noctowl
silver-wind Togetic
silver-wind Natu
silver-wind Xatu
silver-wind Hoppip
silver-wind Skiploom
silver-wind Jumpluff
silver-wind Celebi
silver-wind Shiftry
silver-wind Vibrava
silver-wind Flygon
silver-wind Tropius
silver-wind Kricketune
silver-wind Vespiquen
silver-wind Drifloon
silver-wind Drifblim
silver-wind Spiritomb
silver-wind Togekiss
silver-wind Giratina
silver-wind Giratina
silver-wind Arceus
simple-beam Latios
simple-beam Woobat
simple-beam Swoobat
simple-beam Audino
simple-beam Genesect
simple-beam Psyduck
simple-beam Golduck
simple-beam Farfetch'd
simple-beam Farfetch'd
simple-beam Natu
simple-beam Xatu
simple-beam Zigzagoon
simple-beam Linoone
simple-beam Sirfetch'd
sing Clefairy
sing Clefable
sing Jigglypuff
sing Wigglytuff
sing Chansey
sing Jynx
sing Lapras
sing Cleffa
sing Igglybuff
sing Smoochum
sing Blissey
sing Swablu
sing Altaria
sing Minccino
sing Cinccino
sing Popplio
sing Brionne
sing Primarina
sing Gossifleur
sing Eldegoss
sing Marill
sing Azumarill
sing Azurill
sizzly-slide Eevee
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
sketch Smeargle
skill-swap Sigilyph
skill-swap Solosis
skill-swap Duosion
skill-swap Reuniclus
skill-swap Spritzee
skill-swap Aromatisse
skill-swap Sylveon
skill-swap Carbink
skill-swap Diancie
skill-swap Tapu Lele
skill-swap Butterfree
skill-swap Abra
skill-swap Kadabra
skill-swap Alakazam
skill-swap Slowpoke
skill-swap Slowpoke
skill-swap Slowbro
skill-swap Slowbro
skill-swap Gastly
skill-swap Haunter
skill-swap Gengar
skill-swap Exeggcute
skill-swap Exeggutor
skill-swap Exeggutor
skill-swap Chansey
skill-swap Starmie
skill-swap Mr. Mime
skill-swap Mr. Mime
skill-swap Jynx
skill-swap Articuno
skill-swap Mewtwo
skill-swap Mew
skill-swap Natu
skill-swap Xatu
skill-swap Espeon
skill-swap Slowking
skill-swap Slowking
skill-swap Smoochum
skill-swap Blissey
skill-swap Lugia
skill-swap Celebi
skill-swap Ralts
skill-swap Kirlia
skill-swap Gardevoir
skill-swap Lunatone
skill-swap Solrock
skill-swap Baltoy
skill-swap Claydol
skill-swap Duskull
skill-swap Dusclops
skill-swap Jirachi
skill-swap Drifloon
skill-swap Drifblim
skill-swap Bronzor
skill-swap Bronzong
skill-swap Mime Jr.
skill-swap Gallade
skill-swap Dusknoir
skill-swap Uxie
skill-swap Mesprit
skill-swap Azelf
skill-swap Cresselia
skill-swap Victini
skill-swap Munna
skill-swap Musharna
skill-swap Woobat
skill-swap Swoobat
skill-swap Audino
skill-swap Sigilyph
skill-swap Yamask
skill-swap Yamask
skill-swap Cofagrigus
skill-swap Gothita
skill-swap Gothorita
skill-swap Gothitelle
skill-swap Solosis
skill-swap Duosion
skill-swap Reuniclus
skill-swap Elgyem
skill-swap Beheeyem
skill-swap Espurr
skill-swap Meowstic
skill-swap Meowstic
skill-swap Spritzee
skill-swap Aromatisse
skill-swap Sylveon
skill-swap Carbink
skill-swap Phantump
skill-swap Trevenant
skill-swap Pumpkaboo
skill-swap Gourgeist
skill-swap Diancie
skill-swap Cutiefly
skill-swap Ribombee
skill-swap Sandygast
skill-swap Palossand
skill-swap Tapu Lele
skill-swap Stakataka
skill-swap Dottler
skill-swap Orbeetle
skill-swap Hatenna
skill-swap Hattrem
skill-swap Hatterene
skill-swap Mr. Rime
skill-swap Runerigus
skill-swap Calyrex
skill-swap Calyrex
skill-swap Calyrex
skitter-smack Persian
skitter-smack Persian
skitter-smack Gastly
skitter-smack Haunter
skitter-smack Gengar
skitter-smack Mew
skitter-smack Dunsparce
skitter-smack Shuckle
skitter-smack Octillery
skitter-smack Nincada
skitter-smack Ninjask
skitter-smack Shedinja
skitter-smack Milotic
skitter-smack Duskull
skitter-smack Dusclops
skitter-smack Shellos
skitter-smack Gastrodon
skitter-smack Skorupi
skitter-smack Drapion
skitter-smack Dusknoir
skitter-smack Liepard
skitter-smack Venipede
skitter-smack Whirlipede
skitter-smack Scolipede
skitter-smack Sandile
skitter-smack Krokorok
skitter-smack Krookodile
skitter-smack Dwebble
skitter-smack Crustle
skitter-smack Zorua
skitter-smack Zoroark
skitter-smack Joltik
skitter-smack Galvantula
skitter-smack Litwick
skitter-smack Lampent
skitter-smack Chandelure
skitter-smack Shelmet
skitter-smack Accelgor
skitter-smack Durant
skitter-smack Larvesta
skitter-smack Volcarona
skitter-smack Goomy
skitter-smack Sliggoo
skitter-smack Goodra
skitter-smack Phantump
skitter-smack Trevenant
skitter-smack Pumpkaboo
skitter-smack Gourgeist
skitter-smack Zygarde
skitter-smack Decidueye
skitter-smack Grubbin
skitter-smack Charjabug
skitter-smack Vikavolt
skitter-smack Dewpider
skitter-smack Araquanid
skitter-smack Salandit
skitter-smack Salazzle
skitter-smack Wimpod
skitter-smack Golisopod
skitter-smack Pheromosa
skitter-smack Marshadow
skitter-smack Chewtle
skitter-smack Drednaw
skitter-smack Silicobra
skitter-smack Sandaconda
skitter-smack Sizzlipede
skitter-smack Centiskorch
skitter-smack Grapploct
skitter-smack Snom
skitter-smack Frosmoth
skull-bash Squirtle
skull-bash Wartortle
skull-bash Blastoise
skull-bash Barbaracle
skull-bash Avalugg
skull-bash Tapu Bulu
skull-bash Celesteela
skull-bash Sandaconda
skull-bash Bulbasaur
skull-bash Ivysaur
skull-bash Venusaur
skull-bash Nidoran♀
skull-bash Cubone
skull-bash Marowak
skull-bash Marowak
skull-bash Rhyhorn
skull-bash Rhydon
skull-bash Torkoal
skull-bash Relicanth
skull-bash Snover
skull-bash Abomasnow
skull-bash Rhyperior
skull-bash Bouffalant
skull-bash Chewtle
skull-bash Drednaw
sky-attack Moltres
sky-attack Moltres
sky-attack Noctowl
sky-attack Lugia
sky-attack Ho-oh
sky-attack Altaria
sky-attack Togekiss
sky-attack Pidove
sky-attack Tranquill
sky-attack Unfezant
sky-attack Sigilyph
sky-attack Braviary
sky-attack Mandibuzz
sky-attack Hawlucha
sky-attack Yveltal
sky-attack Farfetch'd
sky-attack Farfetch'd
sky-attack Skarmory
sky-attack Rookidee
sky-attack Corvisquire
sky-attack Corviknight
sky-attack Sirfetch'd
sky-drop Aerodactyl
sky-drop Rufflet
sky-drop Braviary
sky-drop Hawlucha
sky-drop Charizard
sky-drop Aerodactyl
sky-drop Articuno
sky-drop Zapdos
sky-drop Moltres
sky-drop Dragonite
sky-drop Mew
sky-drop Skarmory
sky-drop Lugia
sky-drop Ho-oh
sky-drop Pelipper
sky-drop Rayquaza
sky-drop Rufflet
sky-drop Braviary
sky-drop Tornadus
sky-drop Thundurus
sky-drop Hawlucha
sky-drop Yveltal
sky-drop Vikavolt
sky-drop Tapu Koko
sky-drop Lunala
sky-drop Naganadel
sky-uppercut Hitmonchan
sky-uppercut Gligar
sky-uppercut Combusken
sky-uppercut Blaziken
sky-uppercut Breloom
sky-uppercut Gliscor
sky-uppercut Pancham
sky-uppercut Pangoro
sky-uppercut Hakamo-o
sky-uppercut Kommo-o
sky-uppercut Buneary
sky-uppercut Lopunny
sky-uppercut Riolu
sky-uppercut Lucario
slack-off Slowpoke
slack-off Slowpoke
slack-off Slowbro
slack-off Slowbro
slack-off Slowking
slack-off Slowking
slack-off Hippopotas
slack-off Hippowdon
slack-off Mr. Rime
slam Pikachu
slam Raichu
slam Raichu
slam Farfetch'd
slam Onix
slam Krabby
slam Kingler
slam Lickitung
slam Tangela
slam Dratini
slam Dragonair
slam Dragonite
slam Marill
slam Azumarill
slam Sudowoodo
slam Wooper
slam Quagsire
slam Steelix
slam Treecko
slam Grovyle
slam Sceptile
slam Azurill
slam Lickilicky
slam Tangrowth
slam Timburr
slam Gurdurr
slam Conkeldurr
slam Yamask
slam Minccino
slam Cinccino
slam Deino
slam Zweilous
slam Hydreigon
slam Dhelmise
slam Grookey
slam Thwackey
slam Rillaboom
slam Silicobra
slam Sandaconda
slam Sizzlipede
slam Centiskorch
slam Sirfetch'd
slam Runerigus
slam Dracozolt
slam Arctozolt
slam Omanyte
slam Mantine
slam Mawile
slam Mantyke
slam Tirtouga
slam Cufant
slam Copperajah
slash Charmander
slash Charmeleon
slash Charizard
slash Sandshrew
slash Sandshrew
slash Sandslash
slash Sandslash
slash Diglett
slash Dugtrio
slash Meowth
slash Meowth
slash Persian
slash Farfetch'd
slash Scyther
slash Kabutops
slash Scizor
slash Sneasel
slash Skarmory
slash Torchic
slash Combusken
slash Blaziken
slash Linoone
slash Ninjask
slash Sharpedo
slash Anorith
slash Armaldo
slash Absol
slash Vespiquen
slash Gible
slash Gabite
slash Garchomp
slash Weavile
slash Gallade
slash Dialga
slash Palkia
slash Giratina
slash Giratina
slash Cresselia
slash Dwebble
slash Crustle
slash Joltik
slash Galvantula
slash Axew
slash Fraxure
slash Haxorus
slash Cubchoo
slash Beartic
slash Cryogonal
slash Druddigon
slash Pawniard
slash Bisharp
slash Rufflet
slash Braviary
slash Heatmor
slash Reshiram
slash Zekrom
slash Kyurem
slash Kyurem
slash Kyurem
slash Pancham
slash Pangoro
slash Honedge
slash Doublade
slash Aegislash
slash Aegislash
slash Inkay
slash Malamar
slash Binacle
slash Barbaracle
slash Fomantis
slash Lurantis
slash Golisopod
slash Mimikyu
slash Necrozma
slash Zeraora
slash Perrserker
slash Zacian
slash Zamazenta
slash Krabby
slash Kingler
slash Treecko
slash Corphish
slash Crawdaunt
slash Stunky
slash Skuntank
slash Skorupi
slash Drapion
slash Purrloin
slash Liepard
slash Drilbur
slash Excadrill
slash Karrablast
slash Escavalier
slash Arrokuda
slash Barraskewda
slash Duraludon
sleep-powder Bulbasaur
sleep-powder Ivysaur
sleep-powder Venusaur
sleep-powder Butterfree
sleep-powder Oddish
sleep-powder Gloom
sleep-powder Vileplume
sleep-powder Tangela
sleep-powder Bellossom
sleep-powder Tangrowth
sleep-powder Petilil
sleep-powder Lilligant
sleep-powder Morelull
sleep-powder Shiinotic
sleep-powder Exeggcute
sleep-powder Exeggutor
sleep-powder Exeggutor
sleep-powder Roselia
sleep-powder Budew
sleep-powder Roserade
sleep-powder Gossifleur
sleep-powder Eldegoss
sleep-talk Snorlax
sleep-talk Whismur
sleep-talk Loudred
sleep-talk Exploud
sleep-talk Bulbasaur
sleep-talk Ivysaur
sleep-talk Venusaur
sleep-talk Charmander
sleep-talk Charmeleon
sleep-talk Charizard
sleep-talk Squirtle
sleep-talk Wartortle
sleep-talk Blastoise
sleep-talk Butterfree
sleep-talk Pikachu
sleep-talk Raichu
sleep-talk Raichu
sleep-talk Sandshrew
sleep-talk Sandshrew
sleep-talk Sandslash
sleep-talk Sandslash
sleep-talk Nidoran♀
sleep-talk Nidorina
sleep-talk Nidoqueen
sleep-talk Nidoran♂
sleep-talk Nidorino
sleep-talk Nidoking
sleep-talk Clefairy
sleep-talk Clefable
sleep-talk Vulpix
sleep-talk Vulpix
sleep-talk Ninetales
sleep-talk Ninetales
sleep-talk Jigglypuff
sleep-talk Wigglytuff
sleep-talk Zubat
sleep-talk Golbat
sleep-talk Oddish
sleep-talk Gloom
sleep-talk Vileplume
sleep-talk Diglett
sleep-talk Diglett
sleep-talk Dugtrio
sleep-talk Dugtrio
sleep-talk Meowth
sleep-talk Meowth
sleep-talk Meowth
sleep-talk Persian
sleep-talk Persian
sleep-talk Psyduck
sleep-talk Golduck
sleep-talk Growlithe
sleep-talk Arcanine
sleep-talk Poliwag
sleep-talk Poliwhirl
sleep-talk Poliwrath
sleep-talk Abra
sleep-talk Kadabra
sleep-talk Alakazam
sleep-talk Machop
sleep-talk Machoke
sleep-talk Machamp
sleep-talk Tentacool
sleep-talk Tentacruel
sleep-talk Ponyta
sleep-talk Ponyta
sleep-talk Rapidash
sleep-talk Rapidash
sleep-talk Slowpoke
sleep-talk Slowpoke
sleep-talk Slowbro
sleep-talk Slowbro
sleep-talk Magnemite
sleep-talk Magneton
sleep-talk Farfetch'd
sleep-talk Farfetch'd
sleep-talk Shellder
sleep-talk Cloyster
sleep-talk Gastly
sleep-talk Haunter
sleep-talk Gengar
sleep-talk Onix
sleep-talk Krabby
sleep-talk Kingler
sleep-talk Exeggcute
sleep-talk Exeggutor
sleep-talk Exeggutor
sleep-talk Cubone
sleep-talk Marowak
sleep-talk Marowak
sleep-talk Hitmonlee
sleep-talk Hitmonchan
sleep-talk Lickitung
sleep-talk Koffing
sleep-talk Weezing
sleep-talk Weezing
sleep-talk Rhyhorn
sleep-talk Rhydon
sleep-talk Chansey
sleep-talk Tangela
sleep-talk Kangaskhan
sleep-talk Horsea
sleep-talk Seadra
sleep-talk Goldeen
sleep-talk Seaking
sleep-talk Staryu
sleep-talk Starmie
sleep-talk Mr. Mime
sleep-talk Mr. Mime
sleep-talk Scyther
sleep-talk Jynx
sleep-talk Electabuzz
sleep-talk Magmar
sleep-talk Pinsir
sleep-talk Tauros
sleep-talk Gyarados
sleep-talk Lapras
sleep-talk Eevee
sleep-talk Vaporeon
sleep-talk Jolteon
sleep-talk Flareon
sleep-talk Porygon
sleep-talk Omanyte
sleep-talk Omastar
sleep-talk Kabuto
sleep-talk Kabutops
sleep-talk Aerodactyl
sleep-talk Snorlax
sleep-talk Articuno
sleep-talk Articuno
sleep-talk Zapdos
sleep-talk Zapdos
sleep-talk Moltres
sleep-talk Moltres
sleep-talk Dratini
sleep-talk Dragonair
sleep-talk Dragonite
sleep-talk Mewtwo
sleep-talk Mew
sleep-talk Hoothoot
sleep-talk Noctowl
sleep-talk Crobat
sleep-talk Chinchou
sleep-talk Lanturn
sleep-talk Pichu
sleep-talk Cleffa
sleep-talk Igglybuff
sleep-talk Togepi
sleep-talk Togetic
sleep-talk Natu
sleep-talk Xatu
sleep-talk Bellossom
sleep-talk Marill
sleep-talk Azumarill
sleep-talk Sudowoodo
sleep-talk Politoed
sleep-talk Wooper
sleep-talk Quagsire
sleep-talk Espeon
sleep-talk Umbreon
sleep-talk Slowking
sleep-talk Slowking
sleep-talk Dunsparce
sleep-talk Steelix
sleep-talk Qwilfish
sleep-talk Scizor
sleep-talk Shuckle
sleep-talk Heracross
sleep-talk Sneasel
sleep-talk Swinub
sleep-talk Piloswine
sleep-talk Corsola
sleep-talk Corsola
sleep-talk Remoraid
sleep-talk Octillery
sleep-talk Delibird
sleep-talk Mantine
sleep-talk Skarmory
sleep-talk Kingdra
sleep-talk Porygon2
sleep-talk Tyrogue
sleep-talk Hitmontop
sleep-talk Smoochum
sleep-talk Elekid
sleep-talk Magby
sleep-talk Miltank
sleep-talk Blissey
sleep-talk Raikou
sleep-talk Entei
sleep-talk Suicune
sleep-talk Larvitar
sleep-talk Pupitar
sleep-talk Tyranitar
sleep-talk Lugia
sleep-talk Ho-oh
sleep-talk Celebi
sleep-talk Treecko
sleep-talk Grovyle
sleep-talk Sceptile
sleep-talk Torchic
sleep-talk Combusken
sleep-talk Blaziken
sleep-talk Mudkip
sleep-talk Marshtomp
sleep-talk Swampert
sleep-talk Zigzagoon
sleep-talk Zigzagoon
sleep-talk Linoone
sleep-talk Linoone
sleep-talk Lotad
sleep-talk Lombre
sleep-talk Ludicolo
sleep-talk Seedot
sleep-talk Nuzleaf
sleep-talk Shiftry
sleep-talk Wingull
sleep-talk Pelipper
sleep-talk Ralts
sleep-talk Kirlia
sleep-talk Gardevoir
sleep-talk Nincada
sleep-talk Ninjask
sleep-talk Shedinja
sleep-talk Whismur
sleep-talk Loudred
sleep-talk Exploud
sleep-talk Azurill
sleep-talk Sableye
sleep-talk Mawile
sleep-talk Aron
sleep-talk Lairon
sleep-talk Aggron
sleep-talk Electrike
sleep-talk Manectric
sleep-talk Roselia
sleep-talk Carvanha
sleep-talk Sharpedo
sleep-talk Wailmer
sleep-talk Wailord
sleep-talk Torkoal
sleep-talk Trapinch
sleep-talk Vibrava
sleep-talk Flygon
sleep-talk Swablu
sleep-talk Altaria
sleep-talk Lunatone
sleep-talk Solrock
sleep-talk Barboach
sleep-talk Whiscash
sleep-talk Corphish
sleep-talk Crawdaunt
sleep-talk Baltoy
sleep-talk Claydol
sleep-talk Lileep
sleep-talk Cradily
sleep-talk Anorith
sleep-talk Armaldo
sleep-talk Feebas
sleep-talk Milotic
sleep-talk Duskull
sleep-talk Dusclops
sleep-talk Absol
sleep-talk Snorunt
sleep-talk Glalie
sleep-talk Spheal
sleep-talk Sealeo
sleep-talk Walrein
sleep-talk Relicanth
sleep-talk Bagon
sleep-talk Shelgon
sleep-talk Salamence
sleep-talk Metang
sleep-talk Metagross
sleep-talk Regirock
sleep-talk Regice
sleep-talk Registeel
sleep-talk Latias
sleep-talk Latios
sleep-talk Kyogre
sleep-talk Groudon
sleep-talk Rayquaza
sleep-talk Jirachi
sleep-talk Shinx
sleep-talk Luxio
sleep-talk Luxray
sleep-talk Budew
sleep-talk Roserade
sleep-talk Vespiquen
sleep-talk Cherubi
sleep-talk Cherrim
sleep-talk Shellos
sleep-talk Gastrodon
sleep-talk Drifloon
sleep-talk Drifblim
sleep-talk Buneary
sleep-talk Lopunny
sleep-talk Stunky
sleep-talk Skuntank
sleep-talk Bronzor
sleep-talk Bronzong
sleep-talk Bonsly
sleep-talk Mime Jr.
sleep-talk Happiny
sleep-talk Spiritomb
sleep-talk Gible
sleep-talk Gabite
sleep-talk Garchomp
sleep-talk Munchlax
sleep-talk Riolu
sleep-talk Lucario
sleep-talk Hippopotas
sleep-talk Hippowdon
sleep-talk Skorupi
sleep-talk Drapion
sleep-talk Croagunk
sleep-talk Toxicroak
sleep-talk Mantyke
sleep-talk Snover
sleep-talk Abomasnow
sleep-talk Weavile
sleep-talk Magnezone
sleep-talk Lickilicky
sleep-talk Rhyperior
sleep-talk Tangrowth
sleep-talk Electivire
sleep-talk Magmortar
sleep-talk Togekiss
sleep-talk Leafeon
sleep-talk Glaceon
sleep-talk Mamoswine
sleep-talk Porygon-Z
sleep-talk Gallade
sleep-talk Dusknoir
sleep-talk Froslass
sleep-talk Rotom
sleep-talk Rotom
sleep-talk Rotom
sleep-talk Rotom
sleep-talk Rotom
sleep-talk Rotom
sleep-talk Uxie
sleep-talk Mesprit
sleep-talk Azelf
sleep-talk Dialga
sleep-talk Palkia
sleep-talk Heatran
sleep-talk Regigigas
sleep-talk Giratina
sleep-talk Giratina
sleep-talk Cresselia
sleep-talk Victini
sleep-talk Lillipup
sleep-talk Herdier
sleep-talk Stoutland
sleep-talk Purrloin
sleep-talk Liepard
sleep-talk Munna
sleep-talk Musharna
sleep-talk Pidove
sleep-talk Tranquill
sleep-talk Unfezant
sleep-talk Roggenrola
sleep-talk Boldore
sleep-talk Gigalith
sleep-talk Woobat
sleep-talk Swoobat
sleep-talk Drilbur
sleep-talk Excadrill
sleep-talk Audino
sleep-talk Timburr
sleep-talk Gurdurr
sleep-talk Conkeldurr
sleep-talk Tympole
sleep-talk Palpitoad
sleep-talk Seismitoad
sleep-talk Throh
sleep-talk Sawk
sleep-talk Venipede
sleep-talk Whirlipede
sleep-talk Scolipede
sleep-talk Cottonee
sleep-talk Whimsicott
sleep-talk Petilil
sleep-talk Lilligant
sleep-talk Basculin
sleep-talk Sandile
sleep-talk Krokorok
sleep-talk Krookodile
sleep-talk Darumaka
sleep-talk Darumaka
sleep-talk Darmanitan
sleep-talk Darmanitan
sleep-talk Maractus
sleep-talk Dwebble
sleep-talk Crustle
sleep-talk Scraggy
sleep-talk Scrafty
sleep-talk Sigilyph
sleep-talk Yamask
sleep-talk Yamask
sleep-talk Cofagrigus
sleep-talk Tirtouga
sleep-talk Carracosta
sleep-talk Archen
sleep-talk Archeops
sleep-talk Trubbish
sleep-talk Garbodor
sleep-talk Zorua
sleep-talk Zoroark
sleep-talk Minccino
sleep-talk Cinccino
sleep-talk Gothita
sleep-talk Gothorita
sleep-talk Gothitelle
sleep-talk Solosis
sleep-talk Duosion
sleep-talk Reuniclus
sleep-talk Vanillite
sleep-talk Vanillish
sleep-talk Vanilluxe
sleep-talk Emolga
sleep-talk Karrablast
sleep-talk Escavalier
sleep-talk Foongus
sleep-talk Amoonguss
sleep-talk Frillish
sleep-talk Jellicent
sleep-talk Joltik
sleep-talk Galvantula
sleep-talk Ferroseed
sleep-talk Ferrothorn
sleep-talk Klink
sleep-talk Klang
sleep-talk Klinklang
sleep-talk Elgyem
sleep-talk Beheeyem
sleep-talk Litwick
sleep-talk Lampent
sleep-talk Chandelure
sleep-talk Axew
sleep-talk Fraxure
sleep-talk Haxorus
sleep-talk Cubchoo
sleep-talk Beartic
sleep-talk Cryogonal
sleep-talk Shelmet
sleep-talk Accelgor
sleep-talk Stunfisk
sleep-talk Stunfisk
sleep-talk Mienfoo
sleep-talk Mienshao
sleep-talk Druddigon
sleep-talk Golett
sleep-talk Golurk
sleep-talk Pawniard
sleep-talk Bisharp
sleep-talk Bouffalant
sleep-talk Rufflet
sleep-talk Braviary
sleep-talk Vullaby
sleep-talk Mandibuzz
sleep-talk Heatmor
sleep-talk Durant
sleep-talk Deino
sleep-talk Zweilous
sleep-talk Hydreigon
sleep-talk Larvesta
sleep-talk Volcarona
sleep-talk Cobalion
sleep-talk Terrakion
sleep-talk Virizion
sleep-talk Tornadus
sleep-talk Tornadus
sleep-talk Thundurus
sleep-talk Thundurus
sleep-talk Reshiram
sleep-talk Zekrom
sleep-talk Landorus
sleep-talk Landorus
sleep-talk Kyurem
sleep-talk Kyurem
sleep-talk Kyurem
sleep-talk Keldeo
sleep-talk Genesect
sleep-talk Bunnelby
sleep-talk Diggersby
sleep-talk Fletchling
sleep-talk Fletchinder
sleep-talk Talonflame
sleep-talk Pancham
sleep-talk Pangoro
sleep-talk Espurr
sleep-talk Meowstic
sleep-talk Meowstic
sleep-talk Honedge
sleep-talk Doublade
sleep-talk Aegislash
sleep-talk Aegislash
sleep-talk Spritzee
sleep-talk Aromatisse
sleep-talk Swirlix
sleep-talk Slurpuff
sleep-talk Inkay
sleep-talk Malamar
sleep-talk Binacle
sleep-talk Barbaracle
sleep-talk Skrelp
sleep-talk Dragalge
sleep-talk Clauncher
sleep-talk Clawitzer
sleep-talk Helioptile
sleep-talk Heliolisk
sleep-talk Tyrunt
sleep-talk Tyrantrum
sleep-talk Amaura
sleep-talk Aurorus
sleep-talk Sylveon
sleep-talk Hawlucha
sleep-talk Dedenne
sleep-talk Carbink
sleep-talk Goomy
sleep-talk Sliggoo
sleep-talk Goodra
sleep-talk Klefki
sleep-talk Phantump
sleep-talk Trevenant
sleep-talk Pumpkaboo
sleep-talk Gourgeist
sleep-talk Bergmite
sleep-talk Avalugg
sleep-talk Noibat
sleep-talk Noivern
sleep-talk Xerneas
sleep-talk Yveltal
sleep-talk Zygarde
sleep-talk Diancie
sleep-talk Volcanion
sleep-talk Rowlet
sleep-talk Dartrix
sleep-talk Decidueye
sleep-talk Litten
sleep-talk Torracat
sleep-talk Incineroar
sleep-talk Popplio
sleep-talk Brionne
sleep-talk Primarina
sleep-talk Grubbin
sleep-talk Charjabug
sleep-talk Vikavolt
sleep-talk Cutiefly
sleep-talk Ribombee
sleep-talk Rockruff
sleep-talk Lycanroc
sleep-talk Lycanroc
sleep-talk Lycanroc
sleep-talk Wishiwashi
sleep-talk Mareanie
sleep-talk Toxapex
sleep-talk Mudbray
sleep-talk Mudsdale
sleep-talk Dewpider
sleep-talk Araquanid
sleep-talk Fomantis
sleep-talk Lurantis
sleep-talk Morelull
sleep-talk Shiinotic
sleep-talk Salandit
sleep-talk Salazzle
sleep-talk Stufful
sleep-talk Bewear
sleep-talk Bounsweet
sleep-talk Steenee
sleep-talk Tsareena
sleep-talk Comfey
sleep-talk Oranguru
sleep-talk Passimian
sleep-talk Wimpod
sleep-talk Golisopod
sleep-talk Sandygast
sleep-talk Palossand
sleep-talk Pyukumuku
sleep-talk Type: Null
sleep-talk Silvally
sleep-talk Turtonator
sleep-talk Togedemaru
sleep-talk Mimikyu
sleep-talk Drampa
sleep-talk Dhelmise
sleep-talk Jangmo-o
sleep-talk Hakamo-o
sleep-talk Kommo-o
sleep-talk Tapu Koko
sleep-talk Tapu Lele
sleep-talk Tapu Bulu
sleep-talk Tapu Fini
sleep-talk Solgaleo
sleep-talk Lunala
sleep-talk Nihilego
sleep-talk Buzzwole
sleep-talk Pheromosa
sleep-talk Xurkitree
sleep-talk Celesteela
sleep-talk Kartana
sleep-talk Guzzlord
sleep-talk Necrozma
sleep-talk Marshadow
sleep-talk Poipole
sleep-talk Naganadel
sleep-talk Stakataka
sleep-talk Blacephalon
sleep-talk Zeraora
sleep-talk Meltan
sleep-talk Melmetal
sleep-talk Grookey
sleep-talk Thwackey
sleep-talk Rillaboom
sleep-talk Scorbunny
sleep-talk Raboot
sleep-talk Cinderace
sleep-talk Sobble
sleep-talk Drizzile
sleep-talk Inteleon
sleep-talk Skwovet
sleep-talk Greedent
sleep-talk Rookidee
sleep-talk Corvisquire
sleep-talk Corviknight
sleep-talk Dottler
sleep-talk Orbeetle
sleep-talk Nickit
sleep-talk Thievul
sleep-talk Gossifleur
sleep-talk Eldegoss
sleep-talk Wooloo
sleep-talk Dubwool
sleep-talk Chewtle
sleep-talk Drednaw
sleep-talk Yamper
sleep-talk Boltund
sleep-talk Rolycoly
sleep-talk Carkol
sleep-talk Coalossal
sleep-talk Flapple
sleep-talk Appletun
sleep-talk Silicobra
sleep-talk Sandaconda
sleep-talk Cramorant
sleep-talk Arrokuda
sleep-talk Barraskewda
sleep-talk Toxel
sleep-talk Toxtricity
sleep-talk Toxtricity
sleep-talk Sizzlipede
sleep-talk Centiskorch
sleep-talk Clobbopus
sleep-talk Grapploct
sleep-talk Sinistea
sleep-talk Polteageist
sleep-talk Hatenna
sleep-talk Hattrem
sleep-talk Hatterene
sleep-talk Impidimp
sleep-talk Morgrem
sleep-talk Grimmsnarl
sleep-talk Obstagoon
sleep-talk Perrserker
sleep-talk Cursola
sleep-talk Sirfetch'd
sleep-talk Mr. Rime
sleep-talk Runerigus
sleep-talk Milcery
sleep-talk Alcremie
sleep-talk Falinks
sleep-talk Pincurchin
sleep-talk Snom
sleep-talk Frosmoth
sleep-talk Stonjourner
sleep-talk Eiscue
sleep-talk Indeedee
sleep-talk Indeedee
sleep-talk Morpeko
sleep-talk Cufant
sleep-talk Copperajah
sleep-talk Dracozolt
sleep-talk Arctozolt
sleep-talk Dracovish
sleep-talk Arctovish
sleep-talk Duraludon
sleep-talk Dreepy
sleep-talk Drakloak
sleep-talk Dragapult
sleep-talk Zacian
sleep-talk Zamazenta
sleep-talk Eternatus
sleep-talk Kubfu
sleep-talk Urshifu
sleep-talk Urshifu
sleep-talk Zarude
sleep-talk Regieleki
sleep-talk Regidrago
sleep-talk Glastrier
sleep-talk Spectrier
sleep-talk Calyrex
sleep-talk Calyrex
sleep-talk Calyrex
sludge Koffing
sludge Weezing
sludge Weezing
sludge Trubbish
sludge Garbodor
sludge Mudkip
sludge Shellos
sludge Gastrodon
sludge-bomb Koffing
sludge-bomb Weezing
sludge-bomb Weezing
sludge-bomb Croagunk
sludge-bomb Toxicroak
sludge-bomb Trubbish
sludge-bomb Garbodor
sludge-bomb Skrelp
sludge-bomb Dragalge
sludge-bomb Bulbasaur
sludge-bomb Ivysaur
sludge-bomb Venusaur
sludge-bomb Nidoran♀
sludge-bomb Nidorina
sludge-bomb Nidoqueen
sludge-bomb Nidoran♂
sludge-bomb Nidorino
sludge-bomb Nidoking
sludge-bomb Zubat
sludge-bomb Golbat
sludge-bomb Oddish
sludge-bomb Gloom
sludge-bomb Vileplume
sludge-bomb Diglett
sludge-bomb Diglett
sludge-bomb Dugtrio
sludge-bomb Dugtrio
sludge-bomb Tentacool
sludge-bomb Tentacruel
sludge-bomb Slowbro
sludge-bomb Gastly
sludge-bomb Haunter
sludge-bomb Gengar
sludge-bomb Exeggcute
sludge-bomb Exeggutor
sludge-bomb Exeggutor
sludge-bomb Koffing
sludge-bomb Weezing
sludge-bomb Weezing
sludge-bomb Tangela
sludge-bomb Mew
sludge-bomb Crobat
sludge-bomb Bellossom
sludge-bomb Wooper
sludge-bomb Quagsire
sludge-bomb Slowking
sludge-bomb Qwilfish
sludge-bomb Shuckle
sludge-bomb Octillery
sludge-bomb Mawile
sludge-bomb Roselia
sludge-bomb Torkoal
sludge-bomb Corphish
sludge-bomb Crawdaunt
sludge-bomb Lileep
sludge-bomb Cradily
sludge-bomb Metang
sludge-bomb Metagross
sludge-bomb Budew
sludge-bomb Roserade
sludge-bomb Vespiquen
sludge-bomb Gastrodon
sludge-bomb Stunky
sludge-bomb Skuntank
sludge-bomb Skorupi
sludge-bomb Drapion
sludge-bomb Croagunk
sludge-bomb Toxicroak
sludge-bomb Tangrowth
sludge-bomb Drilbur
sludge-bomb Excadrill
sludge-bomb Tympole
sludge-bomb Palpitoad
sludge-bomb Seismitoad
sludge-bomb Venipede
sludge-bomb Whirlipede
sludge-bomb Scolipede
sludge-bomb Sandile
sludge-bomb Krokorok
sludge-bomb Krookodile
sludge-bomb Scraggy
sludge-bomb Scrafty
sludge-bomb Trubbish
sludge-bomb Garbodor
sludge-bomb Zorua
sludge-bomb Zoroark
sludge-bomb Foongus
sludge-bomb Amoonguss
sludge-bomb Frillish
sludge-bomb Jellicent
sludge-bomb Shelmet
sludge-bomb Accelgor
sludge-bomb Stunfisk
sludge-bomb Stunfisk
sludge-bomb Druddigon
sludge-bomb Tornadus
sludge-bomb Tornadus
sludge-bomb Thundurus
sludge-bomb Thundurus
sludge-bomb Landorus
sludge-bomb Landorus
sludge-bomb Bunnelby
sludge-bomb Diggersby
sludge-bomb Pancham
sludge-bomb Pangoro
sludge-bomb Binacle
sludge-bomb Barbaracle
sludge-bomb Skrelp
sludge-bomb Dragalge
sludge-bomb Clauncher
sludge-bomb Clawitzer
sludge-bomb Goomy
sludge-bomb Sliggoo
sludge-bomb Goodra
sludge-bomb Pumpkaboo
sludge-bomb Gourgeist
sludge-bomb Volcanion
sludge-bomb Mareanie
sludge-bomb Toxapex
sludge-bomb Morelull
sludge-bomb Shiinotic
sludge-bomb Salandit
sludge-bomb Salazzle
sludge-bomb Golisopod
sludge-bomb Sandygast
sludge-bomb Palossand
sludge-bomb Nihilego
sludge-bomb Guzzlord
sludge-bomb Poipole
sludge-bomb Naganadel
sludge-bomb Toxtricity
sludge-bomb Toxtricity
sludge-bomb Eternatus
sludge-wave Tentacool
sludge-wave Tentacruel
sludge-wave Nidoqueen
sludge-wave Nidoking
sludge-wave Vileplume
sludge-wave Dugtrio
sludge-wave Dugtrio
sludge-wave Tentacool
sludge-wave Tentacruel
sludge-wave Slowbro
sludge-wave Gastly
sludge-wave Haunter
sludge-wave Gengar
sludge-wave Koffing
sludge-wave Weezing
sludge-wave Weezing
sludge-wave Mew
sludge-wave Wooper
sludge-wave Quagsire
sludge-wave Slowking
sludge-wave Qwilfish
sludge-wave Shuckle
sludge-wave Octillery
sludge-wave Mudkip
sludge-wave Marshtomp
sludge-wave Swampert
sludge-wave Crawdaunt
sludge-wave Cradily
sludge-wave Gastrodon
sludge-wave Croagunk
sludge-wave Toxicroak
sludge-wave Tympole
sludge-wave Palpitoad
sludge-wave Seismitoad
sludge-wave Trubbish
sludge-wave Garbodor
sludge-wave Frillish
sludge-wave Jellicent
sludge-wave Stunfisk
sludge-wave Stunfisk
sludge-wave Tornadus
sludge-wave Tornadus
sludge-wave Thundurus
sludge-wave Thundurus
sludge-wave Landorus
sludge-wave Landorus
sludge-wave Binacle
sludge-wave Barbaracle
sludge-wave Skrelp
sludge-wave Dragalge
sludge-wave Clauncher
sludge-wave Clawitzer
sludge-wave Goomy
sludge-wave Sliggoo
sludge-wave Goodra
sludge-wave Zygarde
sludge-wave Volcanion
sludge-wave Mareanie
sludge-wave Toxapex
sludge-wave Salandit
sludge-wave Salazzle
sludge-wave Golisopod
sludge-wave Dhelmise
sludge-wave Nihilego
sludge-wave Guzzlord
sludge-wave Poipole
sludge-wave Naganadel
sludge-wave Toxtricity
sludge-wave Toxtricity
sludge-wave Eternatus
smack-down Onix
smack-down Rhyhorn
smack-down Rhydon
smack-down Steelix
smack-down Anorith
smack-down Armaldo
smack-down Rhyperior
smack-down Roggenrola
smack-down Boldore
smack-down Gigalith
smack-down Dwebble
smack-down Crustle
smack-down Tirtouga
smack-down Carracosta
smack-down Terrakion
smack-down Clauncher
smack-down Clawitzer
smack-down Carbink
smack-down Diancie
smack-down Celesteela
smack-down Rolycoly
smack-down Carkol
smack-down Coalossal
smack-down Mudbray
smack-down Mudsdale
smart-strike Rapidash
smart-strike Nidoran♂
smart-strike Nidorino
smart-strike Nidoking
smart-strike Rapidash
smart-strike Rapidash
smart-strike Cloyster
smart-strike Rhyhorn
smart-strike Rhydon
smart-strike Goldeen
smart-strike Seaking
smart-strike Tauros
smart-strike Lapras
smart-strike Mew
smart-strike Togetic
smart-strike Heracross
smart-strike Aggron
smart-strike Rhyperior
smart-strike Togekiss
smart-strike Excadrill
smart-strike Scolipede
smart-strike Escavalier
smart-strike Bouffalant
smart-strike Cobalion
smart-strike Terrakion
smart-strike Virizion
smart-strike Thundurus
smart-strike Thundurus
smart-strike Keldeo
smart-strike Xerneas
smart-strike Tapu Bulu
smart-strike Tapu Fini
smart-strike Celesteela
smart-strike Kartana
smart-strike Necrozma
smart-strike Naganadel
smart-strike Drednaw
smart-strike Falinks
smart-strike Glastrier
smart-strike Calyrex
smelling-salts Makuhita
smelling-salts Hariyama
smelling-salts Mankey
smelling-salts Primeape
smelling-salts Machop
smelling-salts Machoke
smelling-salts Machamp
smelling-salts Lickitung
smelling-salts Snubbull
smelling-salts Granbull
smelling-salts Torchic
smelling-salts Combusken
smelling-salts Blaziken
smelling-salts Whismur
smelling-salts Loudred
smelling-salts Exploud
smelling-salts Aron
smelling-salts Lairon
smelling-salts Aggron
smelling-salts Spinda
smelling-salts Cacnea
smelling-salts Cacturne
smelling-salts Croagunk
smelling-salts Toxicroak
smelling-salts Lickilicky
smelling-salts Timburr
smelling-salts Gurdurr
smelling-salts Conkeldurr
smelling-salts Mienfoo
smelling-salts Mienshao
smog Koffing
smog Weezing
smog Weezing
smog Magmar
smog Flareon
smog Magby
smog Torkoal
smog Magmortar
smog Litwick
smog Lampent
smog Chandelure
smog Salandit
smog Salazzle
smog Turtonator
smog Gastly
smog Haunter
smog Gengar
smog Stunky
smog Skuntank
smokescreen Charmander
smokescreen Charmeleon
smokescreen Charizard
smokescreen Koffing
smokescreen Weezing
smokescreen Weezing
smokescreen Horsea
smokescreen Seadra
smokescreen Magmar
smokescreen Kingdra
smokescreen Magby
smokescreen Entei
smokescreen Torkoal
smokescreen Stunky
smokescreen Skuntank
smokescreen Magmortar
smokescreen Skrelp
smokescreen Dragalge
smokescreen Rolycoly
smokescreen Carkol
smokescreen Coalossal
smokescreen Sizzlipede
smokescreen Centiskorch
smokescreen Whismur
smokescreen Loudred
smokescreen Exploud
smokescreen Spiritomb
snap-trap Stunfisk
snarl Umbreon
snarl Zigzagoon
snarl Linoone
snarl Yveltal
snarl Zeraora
snarl Nickit
snarl Thievul
snarl Obstagoon
snarl Persian
snarl Growlithe
snarl Arcanine
snarl Moltres
snarl Mew
snarl Umbreon
snarl Sneasel
snarl Raikou
snarl Entei
snarl Suicune
snarl Larvitar
snarl Pupitar
snarl Tyranitar
snarl Zigzagoon
snarl Linoone
snarl Nuzleaf
snarl Shiftry
snarl Sableye
snarl Electrike
snarl Manectric
snarl Carvanha
snarl Sharpedo
snarl Crawdaunt
snarl Absol
snarl Shinx
snarl Luxio
snarl Luxray
snarl Stunky
snarl Skuntank
snarl Spiritomb
snarl Drapion
snarl Weavile
snarl Lillipup
snarl Herdier
snarl Stoutland
snarl Purrloin
snarl Liepard
snarl Sandile
snarl Krokorok
snarl Krookodile
snarl Scraggy
snarl Scrafty
snarl Zorua
snarl Zoroark
snarl Haxorus
snarl Druddigon
snarl Pawniard
snarl Bisharp
snarl Vullaby
snarl Mandibuzz
snarl Hydreigon
snarl Pangoro
snarl Yveltal
snarl Incineroar
snarl Rockruff
snarl Lycanroc
snarl Lycanroc
snarl Lycanroc
snarl Golisopod
snarl Silvally
snarl Drampa
snarl Tapu Bulu
snarl Solgaleo
snarl Guzzlord
snarl Naganadel
snarl Zeraora
snarl Rillaboom
snarl Cinderace
snarl Nickit
snarl Thievul
snarl Yamper
snarl Boltund
snarl Toxtricity
snarl Toxtricity
snarl Obstagoon
snarl Morpeko
snarl Copperajah
snarl Duraludon
snarl Zacian
snarl Zamazenta
snarl Urshifu
snarl Zarude
snarl Glastrier
snarl Spectrier
snarl Calyrex
snarl Calyrex
snatch Sneasel
snatch Shuppet
snatch Banette
snatch Deoxys
snatch Deoxys
snatch Munchlax
snatch Weavile
snatch Purrloin
snatch Liepard
snatch Solosis
snatch Duosion
snatch Duosion
snatch Reuniclus
snatch Reuniclus
snatch Heatmor
snatch Rattata
snatch Raticate
snatch Ekans
snatch Arbok
snatch Meowth
snatch Meowth
snatch Persian
snatch Persian
snatch Poochyena
snatch Mightyena
snatch Kecleon
snatch Glameow
snatch Purugly
snatch Blitzle
snatch Zebstrika
snatch Darumaka
snatch Darmanitan
snatch Zorua
snatch Zoroark
snatch Druddigon
snatch Fletchling
snatch Fletchinder
snatch Talonflame
snatch Litleo
snatch Pyroar
snatch Noibat
snatch Noivern
snatch Salandit
snatch Salazzle
snatch Rattata
snatch Raticate
snatch Ekans
snatch Arbok
snatch Clefairy
snatch Clefable
snatch Jigglypuff
snatch Wigglytuff
snatch Zubat
snatch Golbat
snatch Meowth
snatch Meowth
snatch Persian
snatch Persian
snatch Abra
snatch Kadabra
snatch Alakazam
snatch Gastly
snatch Haunter
snatch Gengar
snatch Drowzee
snatch Hypno
snatch Chansey
snatch Mr. Mime
snatch Snorlax
snatch Mewtwo
snatch Mew
snatch Crobat
snatch Aipom
snatch Umbreon
snatch Murkrow
snatch Misdreavus
snatch Sneasel
snatch Houndour
snatch Houndoom
snatch Blissey
snatch Poochyena
snatch Mightyena
snatch Ralts
snatch Kirlia
snatch Gardevoir
snatch Shroomish
snatch Breloom
snatch Sableye
snatch Mawile
snatch Gulpin
snatch Swalot
snatch Spoink
snatch Grumpig
snatch Spinda
snatch Seviper
snatch Kecleon
snatch Shuppet
snatch Banette
snatch Duskull
snatch Dusclops
snatch Chimecho
snatch Absol
snatch Huntail
snatch Deoxys
snatch Deoxys
snatch Deoxys
snatch Deoxys
snatch Ambipom
snatch Mismagius
snatch Honchkrow
snatch Glameow
snatch Purugly
snatch Chingling
snatch Stunky
snatch Skuntank
snatch Mime Jr.
snatch Spiritomb
snatch Munchlax
snatch Croagunk
snatch Toxicroak
snatch Weavile
snatch Gallade
snatch Dusknoir
snatch Froslass
snatch Rotom
snatch Rotom
snatch Rotom
snatch Rotom
snatch Rotom
snatch Rotom
snatch Darkrai
snatch Snivy
snatch Servine
snatch Serperior
snatch Purrloin
snatch Liepard
snatch Blitzle
snatch Zebstrika
snatch Audino
snatch Scolipede
snatch Sandile
snatch Krokorok
snatch Krookodile
snatch Darumaka
snatch Darmanitan
snatch Scraggy
snatch Scrafty
snatch Yamask
snatch Cofagrigus
snatch Zorua
snatch Zoroark
snatch Gothita
snatch Gothorita
snatch Gothitelle
snatch Solosis
snatch Duosion
snatch Reuniclus
snatch Elgyem
snatch Beheeyem
snatch Druddigon
snatch Pawniard
snatch Bisharp
snatch Vullaby
snatch Mandibuzz
snatch Heatmor
snatch Meloetta
snatch Braixen
snatch Delphox
snatch Froakie
snatch Frogadier
snatch Greninja
snatch Diggersby
snatch Fletchling
snatch Fletchinder
snatch Talonflame
snatch Litleo
snatch Pyroar
snatch Pancham
snatch Pangoro
snatch Espurr
snatch Meowstic
snatch Meowstic
snatch Inkay
snatch Malamar
snatch Noibat
snatch Noivern
snatch Hoopa
snatch Hoopa
snatch Incineroar
snatch Mareanie
snatch Toxapex
snatch Salandit
snatch Salazzle
snatch Oranguru
snatch Passimian
snatch Mimikyu
snatch Bruxish
snatch Pheromosa
snatch Marshadow
snatch Poipole
snatch Naganadel
snatch Zeraora
snipe-shot Inteleon
snore Snorlax
snore Barboach
snore Whiscash
snore Spheal
snore Sealeo
snore Walrein
snore Dedenne
snore Bulbasaur
snore Ivysaur
snore Venusaur
snore Charmander
snore Charmeleon
snore Charizard
snore Squirtle
snore Wartortle
snore Blastoise
snore Butterfree
snore Pikachu
snore Raichu
snore Raichu
snore Sandshrew
snore Sandshrew
snore Sandslash
snore Sandslash
snore Nidoran♀
snore Nidorina
snore Nidoqueen
snore Nidoran♂
snore Nidorino
snore Nidoking
snore Clefairy
snore Clefable
snore Vulpix
snore Vulpix
snore Ninetales
snore Ninetales
snore Jigglypuff
snore Wigglytuff
snore Zubat
snore Golbat
snore Oddish
snore Gloom
snore Vileplume
snore Diglett
snore Diglett
snore Dugtrio
snore Dugtrio
snore Meowth
snore Meowth
snore Meowth
snore Persian
snore Persian
snore Psyduck
snore Golduck
snore Growlithe
snore Arcanine
snore Poliwag
snore Poliwhirl
snore Poliwrath
snore Abra
snore Kadabra
snore Alakazam
snore Machop
snore Machoke
snore Machamp
snore Tentacool
snore Tentacruel
snore Ponyta
snore Ponyta
snore Rapidash
snore Rapidash
snore Slowpoke
snore Slowpoke
snore Slowbro
snore Slowbro
snore Magnemite
snore Magneton
snore Farfetch'd
snore Farfetch'd
snore Shellder
snore Cloyster
snore Gastly
snore Haunter
snore Gengar
snore Onix
snore Krabby
snore Kingler
snore Exeggcute
snore Exeggutor
snore Exeggutor
snore Cubone
snore Marowak
snore Marowak
snore Hitmonlee
snore Hitmonchan
snore Lickitung
snore Koffing
snore Weezing
snore Weezing
snore Rhyhorn
snore Rhydon
snore Chansey
snore Tangela
snore Kangaskhan
snore Horsea
snore Seadra
snore Goldeen
snore Seaking
snore Staryu
snore Starmie
snore Mr. Mime
snore Mr. Mime
snore Scyther
snore Jynx
snore Electabuzz
snore Magmar
snore Pinsir
snore Tauros
snore Gyarados
snore Lapras
snore Eevee
snore Vaporeon
snore Jolteon
snore Flareon
snore Porygon
snore Omanyte
snore Omastar
snore Kabuto
snore Kabutops
snore Aerodactyl
snore Snorlax
snore Articuno
snore Articuno
snore Zapdos
snore Zapdos
snore Moltres
snore Moltres
snore Dratini
snore Dragonair
snore Dragonite
snore Mewtwo
snore Mew
snore Hoothoot
snore Noctowl
snore Crobat
snore Chinchou
snore Lanturn
snore Pichu
snore Cleffa
snore Igglybuff
snore Togepi
snore Togetic
snore Natu
snore Xatu
snore Bellossom
snore Marill
snore Azumarill
snore Sudowoodo
snore Politoed
snore Wooper
snore Quagsire
snore Espeon
snore Umbreon
snore Slowking
snore Slowking
snore Dunsparce
snore Steelix
snore Qwilfish
snore Scizor
snore Shuckle
snore Heracross
snore Sneasel
snore Swinub
snore Piloswine
snore Corsola
snore Corsola
snore Remoraid
snore Octillery
snore Delibird
snore Mantine
snore Skarmory
snore Kingdra
snore Porygon2
snore Tyrogue
snore Hitmontop
snore Smoochum
snore Elekid
snore Magby
snore Miltank
snore Blissey
snore Raikou
snore Entei
snore Suicune
snore Larvitar
snore Pupitar
snore Tyranitar
snore Lugia
snore Ho-oh
snore Celebi
snore Treecko
snore Grovyle
snore Sceptile
snore Torchic
snore Combusken
snore Blaziken
snore Mudkip
snore Marshtomp
snore Swampert
snore Zigzagoon
snore Zigzagoon
snore Linoone
snore Linoone
snore Lotad
snore Lombre
snore Ludicolo
snore Seedot
snore Nuzleaf
snore Shiftry
snore Wingull
snore Pelipper
snore Ralts
snore Kirlia
snore Gardevoir
snore Nincada
snore Ninjask
snore Shedinja
snore Whismur
snore Loudred
snore Exploud
snore Azurill
snore Sableye
snore Mawile
snore Aron
snore Lairon
snore Aggron
snore Electrike
snore Manectric
snore Roselia
snore Carvanha
snore Sharpedo
snore Wailmer
snore Wailord
snore Torkoal
snore Trapinch
snore Vibrava
snore Flygon
snore Swablu
snore Altaria
snore Lunatone
snore Solrock
snore Barboach
snore Whiscash
snore Corphish
snore Crawdaunt
snore Baltoy
snore Claydol
snore Lileep
snore Cradily
snore Anorith
snore Armaldo
snore Feebas
snore Milotic
snore Duskull
snore Dusclops
snore Absol
snore Snorunt
snore Glalie
snore Spheal
snore Sealeo
snore Walrein
snore Relicanth
snore Bagon
snore Shelgon
snore Salamence
snore Metang
snore Metagross
snore Regirock
snore Regice
snore Registeel
snore Latias
snore Latios
snore Kyogre
snore Groudon
snore Rayquaza
snore Jirachi
snore Shinx
snore Luxio
snore Luxray
snore Budew
snore Roserade
snore Combee
snore Vespiquen
snore Cherubi
snore Cherrim
snore Shellos
snore Gastrodon
snore Drifloon
snore Drifblim
snore Buneary
snore Lopunny
snore Stunky
snore Skuntank
snore Bronzor
snore Bronzong
snore Bonsly
snore Mime Jr.
snore Happiny
snore Spiritomb
snore Gible
snore Gabite
snore Garchomp
snore Munchlax
snore Riolu
snore Lucario
snore Hippopotas
snore Hippowdon
snore Skorupi
snore Drapion
snore Croagunk
snore Toxicroak
snore Mantyke
snore Snover
snore Abomasnow
snore Weavile
snore Magnezone
snore Lickilicky
snore Rhyperior
snore Tangrowth
snore Electivire
snore Magmortar
snore Togekiss
snore Leafeon
snore Glaceon
snore Mamoswine
snore Porygon-Z
snore Gallade
snore Dusknoir
snore Froslass
snore Rotom
snore Rotom
snore Rotom
snore Rotom
snore Rotom
snore Rotom
snore Uxie
snore Mesprit
snore Azelf
snore Dialga
snore Palkia
snore Heatran
snore Regigigas
snore Giratina
snore Giratina
snore Cresselia
snore Victini
snore Lillipup
snore Herdier
snore Stoutland
snore Purrloin
snore Liepard
snore Munna
snore Musharna
snore Pidove
snore Tranquill
snore Unfezant
snore Roggenrola
snore Boldore
snore Gigalith
snore Woobat
snore Swoobat
snore Drilbur
snore Excadrill
snore Audino
snore Timburr
snore Gurdurr
snore Conkeldurr
snore Tympole
snore Palpitoad
snore Seismitoad
snore Throh
snore Sawk
snore Venipede
snore Whirlipede
snore Scolipede
snore Cottonee
snore Whimsicott
snore Petilil
snore Lilligant
snore Basculin
snore Sandile
snore Krokorok
snore Krookodile
snore Darumaka
snore Darumaka
snore Darmanitan
snore Darmanitan
snore Maractus
snore Dwebble
snore Crustle
snore Scraggy
snore Scrafty
snore Sigilyph
snore Yamask
snore Yamask
snore Cofagrigus
snore Tirtouga
snore Carracosta
snore Archen
snore Archeops
snore Trubbish
snore Garbodor
snore Zorua
snore Zoroark
snore Minccino
snore Cinccino
snore Gothita
snore Gothorita
snore Gothitelle
snore Solosis
snore Duosion
snore Reuniclus
snore Vanillite
snore Vanillish
snore Vanilluxe
snore Emolga
snore Karrablast
snore Escavalier
snore Foongus
snore Amoonguss
snore Frillish
snore Jellicent
snore Joltik
snore Galvantula
snore Ferroseed
snore Ferrothorn
snore Klink
snore Klang
snore Klinklang
snore Elgyem
snore Beheeyem
snore Litwick
snore Lampent
snore Chandelure
snore Axew
snore Fraxure
snore Haxorus
snore Cubchoo
snore Beartic
snore Cryogonal
snore Shelmet
snore Accelgor
snore Stunfisk
snore Stunfisk
snore Mienfoo
snore Mienshao
snore Druddigon
snore Golett
snore Golurk
snore Pawniard
snore Bisharp
snore Bouffalant
snore Rufflet
snore Braviary
snore Vullaby
snore Mandibuzz
snore Heatmor
snore Durant
snore Deino
snore Zweilous
snore Hydreigon
snore Larvesta
snore Volcarona
snore Cobalion
snore Terrakion
snore Virizion
snore Tornadus
snore Tornadus
snore Thundurus
snore Thundurus
snore Reshiram
snore Zekrom
snore Landorus
snore Landorus
snore Kyurem
snore Kyurem
snore Kyurem
snore Keldeo
snore Genesect
snore Bunnelby
snore Diggersby
snore Fletchling
snore Fletchinder
snore Talonflame
snore Pancham
snore Pangoro
snore Espurr
snore Meowstic
snore Meowstic
snore Honedge
snore Doublade
snore Aegislash
snore Aegislash
snore Spritzee
snore Aromatisse
snore Swirlix
snore Slurpuff
snore Inkay
snore Malamar
snore Binacle
snore Barbaracle
snore Skrelp
snore Dragalge
snore Clauncher
snore Clawitzer
snore Helioptile
snore Heliolisk
snore Tyrunt
snore Tyrantrum
snore Amaura
snore Aurorus
snore Sylveon
snore Hawlucha
snore Dedenne
snore Carbink
snore Goomy
snore Sliggoo
snore Goodra
snore Klefki
snore Phantump
snore Trevenant
snore Pumpkaboo
snore Gourgeist
snore Bergmite
snore Avalugg
snore Noibat
snore Noivern
snore Xerneas
snore Yveltal
snore Zygarde
snore Diancie
snore Volcanion
snore Rowlet
snore Dartrix
snore Decidueye
snore Litten
snore Torracat
snore Incineroar
snore Popplio
snore Brionne
snore Primarina
snore Grubbin
snore Charjabug
snore Vikavolt
snore Cutiefly
snore Ribombee
snore Rockruff
snore Lycanroc
snore Lycanroc
snore Lycanroc
snore Wishiwashi
snore Mareanie
snore Toxapex
snore Mudbray
snore Mudsdale
snore Dewpider
snore Araquanid
snore Fomantis
snore Lurantis
snore Morelull
snore Shiinotic
snore Salandit
snore Salazzle
snore Stufful
snore Bewear
snore Bounsweet
snore Steenee
snore Tsareena
snore Comfey
snore Oranguru
snore Passimian
snore Wimpod
snore Golisopod
snore Sandygast
snore Palossand
snore Type: Null
snore Silvally
snore Turtonator
snore Togedemaru
snore Mimikyu
snore Drampa
snore Dhelmise
snore Jangmo-o
snore Hakamo-o
snore Kommo-o
snore Tapu Koko
snore Tapu Lele
snore Tapu Bulu
snore Tapu Fini
snore Solgaleo
snore Lunala
snore Nihilego
snore Buzzwole
snore Pheromosa
snore Xurkitree
snore Celesteela
snore Kartana
snore Guzzlord
snore Necrozma
snore Magearna
snore Marshadow
snore Poipole
snore Naganadel
snore Stakataka
snore Blacephalon
snore Zeraora
snore Meltan
snore Melmetal
snore Grookey
snore Thwackey
snore Rillaboom
snore Scorbunny
snore Raboot
snore Cinderace
snore Sobble
snore Drizzile
snore Inteleon
snore Skwovet
snore Greedent
snore Rookidee
snore Corvisquire
snore Corviknight
snore Dottler
snore Orbeetle
snore Nickit
snore Thievul
snore Gossifleur
snore Eldegoss
snore Wooloo
snore Dubwool
snore Chewtle
snore Drednaw
snore Yamper
snore Boltund
snore Rolycoly
snore Carkol
snore Coalossal
snore Flapple
snore Appletun
snore Silicobra
snore Sandaconda
snore Cramorant
snore Arrokuda
snore Barraskewda
snore Toxel
snore Toxtricity
snore Toxtricity
snore Sizzlipede
snore Centiskorch
snore Clobbopus
snore Grapploct
snore Sinistea
snore Polteageist
snore Hatenna
snore Hattrem
snore Hatterene
snore Impidimp
snore Morgrem
snore Grimmsnarl
snore Obstagoon
snore Perrserker
snore Cursola
snore Sirfetch'd
snore Mr. Rime
snore Runerigus
snore Milcery
snore Alcremie
snore Falinks
snore Pincurchin
snore Snom
snore Frosmoth
snore Stonjourner
snore Eiscue
snore Indeedee
snore Indeedee
snore Morpeko
snore Cufant
snore Copperajah
snore Dracozolt
snore Arctozolt
snore Dracovish
snore Arctovish
snore Duraludon
snore Dreepy
snore Drakloak
snore Dragapult
snore Zacian
snore Zamazenta
snore Eternatus
snore Kubfu
snore Urshifu
snore Urshifu
snore Zarude
snore Regieleki
snore Regidrago
snore Glastrier
snore Spectrier
snore Calyrex
snore Calyrex
snore Calyrex
soak Psyduck
soak Golduck
soak Goldeen
soak Seaking
soak Remoraid
soak Octillery
soak Pelipper
soak Wailord
soak Basculin
soak Wishiwashi
soak Dewpider
soak Araquanid
soak Pyukumuku
soak Tapu Fini
soak Sobble
soak Drizzile
soak Inteleon
soak Chinchou
soak Lanturn
soak Marill
soak Azumarill
soak Wingull
soak Pelipper
soak Azurill
soak Wailmer
soak Wailord
soak Clobbopus
soak Grapploct
soak Eiscue
soft-boiled Chansey
soft-boiled Blissey
solar-beam Bulbasaur
solar-beam Ivysaur
solar-beam Venusaur
solar-beam Exeggcute
solar-beam Exeggutor
solar-beam Exeggutor
solar-beam Solrock
solar-beam Groudon
solar-beam Cherubi
solar-beam Cherrim
solar-beam Cottonee
solar-beam Whimsicott
solar-beam Maractus
solar-beam Foongus
solar-beam Amoonguss
solar-beam Cryogonal
solar-beam Fomantis
solar-beam Lurantis
solar-beam Solgaleo
solar-beam Calyrex
solar-beam Calyrex
solar-beam Calyrex
solar-beam Bulbasaur
solar-beam Ivysaur
solar-beam Venusaur
solar-beam Charizard
solar-beam Butterfree
solar-beam Clefairy
solar-beam Clefable
solar-beam Ninetales
solar-beam Ninetales
solar-beam Jigglypuff
solar-beam Wigglytuff
solar-beam Oddish
solar-beam Gloom
solar-beam Vileplume
solar-beam Arcanine
solar-beam Ponyta
solar-beam Rapidash
solar-beam Exeggcute
solar-beam Exeggutor
solar-beam Exeggutor
solar-beam Lickitung
solar-beam Chansey
solar-beam Tangela
solar-beam Kangaskhan
solar-beam Mr. Mime
solar-beam Mr. Mime
solar-beam Tauros
solar-beam Porygon
solar-beam Snorlax
solar-beam Moltres
solar-beam Mewtwo
solar-beam Mew
solar-beam Cleffa
solar-beam Igglybuff
solar-beam Togepi
solar-beam Togetic
solar-beam Natu
solar-beam Xatu
solar-beam Bellossom
solar-beam Dunsparce
solar-beam Porygon2
solar-beam Miltank
solar-beam Blissey
solar-beam Entei
solar-beam Ho-oh
solar-beam Celebi
solar-beam Treecko
solar-beam Grovyle
solar-beam Sceptile
solar-beam Blaziken
solar-beam Lotad
solar-beam Lombre
solar-beam Ludicolo
solar-beam Seedot
solar-beam Nuzleaf
solar-beam Shiftry
solar-beam Nincada
solar-beam Ninjask
solar-beam Shedinja
solar-beam Whismur
solar-beam Loudred
solar-beam Exploud
solar-beam Mawile
solar-beam Aggron
solar-beam Roselia
solar-beam Torkoal
solar-beam Trapinch
solar-beam Vibrava
solar-beam Flygon
solar-beam Swablu
solar-beam Altaria
solar-beam Solrock
solar-beam Baltoy
solar-beam Claydol
solar-beam Lileep
solar-beam Cradily
solar-beam Latias
solar-beam Latios
solar-beam Groudon
solar-beam Rayquaza
solar-beam Budew
solar-beam Roserade
solar-beam Cherubi
solar-beam Cherrim
solar-beam Buneary
solar-beam Lopunny
solar-beam Bronzor
solar-beam Bronzong
solar-beam Mime Jr.
solar-beam Happiny
solar-beam Munchlax
solar-beam Snover
solar-beam Abomasnow
solar-beam Lickilicky
solar-beam Tangrowth
solar-beam Magmortar
solar-beam Togekiss
solar-beam Leafeon
solar-beam Porygon-Z
solar-beam Uxie
solar-beam Heatran
solar-beam Cresselia
solar-beam Victini
solar-beam Gigalith
solar-beam Audino
solar-beam Venipede
solar-beam Whirlipede
solar-beam Scolipede
solar-beam Cottonee
solar-beam Whimsicott
solar-beam Petilil
solar-beam Lilligant
solar-beam Darumaka
solar-beam Darumaka
solar-beam Darmanitan
solar-beam Darmanitan
solar-beam Maractus
solar-beam Dwebble
solar-beam Crustle
solar-beam Sigilyph
solar-beam Garbodor
solar-beam Emolga
solar-beam Foongus
solar-beam Amoonguss
solar-beam Ferroseed
solar-beam Ferrothorn
solar-beam Litwick
solar-beam Lampent
solar-beam Chandelure
solar-beam Cryogonal
solar-beam Golurk
solar-beam Heatmor
solar-beam Larvesta
solar-beam Volcarona
solar-beam Virizion
solar-beam Reshiram
solar-beam Genesect
solar-beam Talonflame
solar-beam Heliolisk
solar-beam Phantump
solar-beam Trevenant
solar-beam Pumpkaboo
solar-beam Gourgeist
solar-beam Noibat
solar-beam Noivern
solar-beam Volcanion
solar-beam Rowlet
solar-beam Dartrix
solar-beam Decidueye
solar-beam Vikavolt
solar-beam Ribombee
solar-beam Fomantis
solar-beam Lurantis
solar-beam Morelull
solar-beam Shiinotic
solar-beam Bounsweet
solar-beam Steenee
solar-beam Tsareena
solar-beam Comfey
solar-beam Turtonator
solar-beam Drampa
solar-beam Dhelmise
solar-beam Tapu Bulu
solar-beam Solgaleo
solar-beam Lunala
solar-beam Xurkitree
solar-beam Celesteela
solar-beam Necrozma
solar-beam Magearna
solar-beam Blacephalon
solar-beam Melmetal
solar-beam Grookey
solar-beam Thwackey
solar-beam Rillaboom
solar-beam Dottler
solar-beam Orbeetle
solar-beam Gossifleur
solar-beam Eldegoss
solar-beam Coalossal
solar-beam Flapple
solar-beam Appletun
solar-beam Centiskorch
solar-beam Mr. Rime
solar-beam Alcremie
solar-beam Duraludon
solar-beam Dragapult
solar-beam Zamazenta
solar-beam Eternatus
solar-beam Zarude
solar-beam Calyrex
solar-beam Calyrex
solar-beam Calyrex
solar-blade Lurantis
solar-blade Ponyta
solar-blade Rapidash
solar-blade Farfetch'd
solar-blade Farfetch'd
solar-blade Mew
solar-blade Celebi
solar-blade Grovyle
solar-blade Sceptile
solar-blade Nuzleaf
solar-blade Shiftry
solar-blade Cherrim
solar-blade Tangrowth
solar-blade Leafeon
solar-blade Gallade
solar-blade Lilligant
solar-blade Crustle
solar-blade Virizion
solar-blade Honedge
solar-blade Doublade
solar-blade Aegislash
solar-blade Aegislash
solar-blade Decidueye
solar-blade Lurantis
solar-blade Tsareena
solar-blade Dhelmise
solar-blade Kartana
solar-blade Grookey
solar-blade Thwackey
solar-blade Rillaboom
solar-blade Sirfetch'd
solar-blade Zacian
solar-blade Zarude
solar-blade Calyrex
solar-blade Calyrex
solar-blade Calyrex
sonic-boom Magnemite
sonic-boom Magneton
sonic-boom Voltorb
sonic-boom Electrode
sonic-boom Electrode
sonic-boom Yanma
sonic-boom Vibrava
sonic-boom Flygon
sonic-boom Buizel
sonic-boom Floatzel
sonic-boom Magnezone
sonic-boom Yanmega
sonic-boom Magearna
sonic-boom Spinarak
sonic-boom Ariados
sonic-boom Munna
sonic-boom Musharna
spacial-rend Palkia
spark Pikachu
spark Raichu
spark Raichu
spark Magnemite
spark Magneton
spark Chinchou
spark Lanturn
spark Raikou
spark Shinx
spark Luxio
spark Luxray
spark Magnezone
spark Emolga
spark Grubbin
spark Charjabug
spark Vikavolt
spark Togedemaru
spark Tapu Koko
spark Xurkitree
spark Zeraora
spark Yamper
spark Boltund
spark Toxtricity
spark Toxtricity
spark Pincurchin
spark Morpeko
spark Electrike
spark Manectric
spark Barboach
spark Whiscash
spark Stunfisk
sparkling-aria Primarina
sparkling-aria Lapras
sparkly-swirl Eevee
spectral-thief Marshadow
speed-swap Pheromosa
speed-swap Raichu
speed-swap Raichu
speed-swap Abra
speed-swap Kadabra
speed-swap Alakazam
speed-swap Porygon
speed-swap Mewtwo
speed-swap Mew
speed-swap Porygon2
speed-swap Bronzor
speed-swap Bronzong
speed-swap Porygon-Z
speed-swap Victini
speed-swap Woobat
speed-swap Swoobat
speed-swap Sigilyph
speed-swap Emolga
speed-swap Joltik
speed-swap Galvantula
speed-swap Cutiefly
speed-swap Ribombee
speed-swap Tapu Lele
speed-swap Pheromosa
speed-swap Magearna
speed-swap Calyrex
speed-swap Calyrex
speed-swap Calyrex
spider-web Spinarak
spider-web Ariados
spider-web Joltik
spider-web Galvantula
spider-web Dewpider
spider-web Araquanid
spider-web Araquanid
spike-cannon Cloyster
spike-cannon Omastar
spike-cannon Corsola
spike-cannon Mareanie
spike-cannon Toxapex
spike-cannon Omanyte
spikes Cloyster
spikes Qwilfish
spikes Skarmory
spikes Sandslash
spikes Sandslash
spikes Cloyster
spikes Omanyte
spikes Omastar
spikes Mew
spikes Qwilfish
spikes Heracross
spikes Delibird
spikes Skarmory
spikes Roselia
spikes Snorunt
spikes Glalie
spikes Budew
spikes Roserade
spikes Froslass
spikes Venipede
spikes Whirlipede
spikes Scolipede
spikes Maractus
spikes Dwebble
spikes Crustle
spikes Trubbish
spikes Garbodor
spikes Ferroseed
spikes Ferrothorn
spikes Shelmet
spikes Accelgor
spikes Bunnelby
spikes Diggersby
spikes Klefki
spikes Wimpod
spikes Golisopod
spikes Naganadel
spikes Rolycoly
spikes Carkol
spikes Coalossal
spikes Pincurchin
spiky-shield Maractus
spiky-shield Togedemaru
spirit-break Grimmsnarl
spirit-shackle Decidueye
spit-up Jigglypuff
spit-up Wigglytuff
spit-up Lanturn
spit-up Qwilfish
spit-up Pelipper
spit-up Mawile
spit-up Lileep
spit-up Cradily
spit-up Drifloon
spit-up Drifblim
spit-up Heatmor
spit-up Skwovet
spit-up Greedent
spit-up Cramorant
spit-up Koffing
spit-up Weezing
spit-up Weezing
spit-up Wooper
spit-up Quagsire
spit-up Spheal
spit-up Shellos
spit-up Gastrodon
spit-up Hippopotas
spit-up Hippowdon
spit-up Mareanie
spit-up Toxapex
spit-up Dewpider
spit-up Araquanid
spit-up Sandygast
spit-up Palossand
spite Vulpix
spite Vulpix
spite Ninetales
spite Ninetales
spite Gastly
spite Haunter
spite Gengar
spite Corsola
spite Shedinja
spite Spiritomb
spite Decidueye
spite Golisopod
spite Cursola
spite Meowth
spite Meowth
spite Meowth
spite Persian
spite Persian
spite Koffing
spite Weezing
spite Weezing
spite Sneasel
spite Weavile
spite Sandile
spite Krokorok
spite Krookodile
spite Stunfisk
spite Stunfisk
spite Pyukumuku
spite Rookidee
spite Corvisquire
spite Corviknight
spite Perrserker
splash Clefairy
splash Clefable
splash Magikarp
splash Gyarados
splash Cleffa
splash Wobbuffet
splash Azurill
splash Wailmer
splash Wailord
splash Feebas
splash Milotic
splash Wynaut
splash Buneary
splash Lopunny
splash Clauncher
splash Clawitzer
splash Bounsweet
splash Steenee
splash Tsareena
splash Mimikyu
splash Cosmog
splash Poliwag
splash Poliwhirl
splash Poliwrath
splash Horsea
splash Seadra
splash Politoed
splash Delibird
splash Mantine
splash Kingdra
splash Mantyke
splishy-splash Pikachu
spore Foongus
spore Amoonguss
spore Morelull
spore Shiinotic
spotlight Clefairy
spotlight Clefable
spotlight Starmie
spotlight Lanturn
spotlight Morelull
spotlight Shiinotic
spotlight Spinda
springtide-storm Enamorus
springtide-storm Enamorus
stealth-rock Onix
stealth-rock Steelix
stealth-rock Roggenrola
stealth-rock Boldore
stealth-rock Gigalith
stealth-rock Dwebble
stealth-rock Crustle
stealth-rock Carbink
stealth-rock Diancie
stealth-rock Rockruff
stealth-rock Lycanroc
stealth-rock Lycanroc
stealth-rock Lycanroc
stealth-rock Nihilego
stealth-rock Necrozma
stealth-rock Stakataka
stealth-rock Rolycoly
stealth-rock Carkol
stealth-rock Coalossal
stealth-rock Stonjourner
stealth-rock Sandshrew
stealth-rock Sandshrew
stealth-rock Sandslash
stealth-rock Sandslash
stealth-rock Nidoqueen
stealth-rock Nidoking
stealth-rock Clefairy
stealth-rock Clefable
stealth-rock Jigglypuff
stealth-rock Wigglytuff
stealth-rock Diglett
stealth-rock Dugtrio
stealth-rock Onix
stealth-rock Cubone
stealth-rock Marowak
stealth-rock Marowak
stealth-rock Rhyhorn
stealth-rock Rhydon
stealth-rock Chansey
stealth-rock Pinsir
stealth-rock Omanyte
stealth-rock Omastar
stealth-rock Kabuto
stealth-rock Kabutops
stealth-rock Aerodactyl
stealth-rock Mew
stealth-rock Sudowoodo
stealth-rock Dunsparce
stealth-rock Steelix
stealth-rock Shuckle
stealth-rock Swinub
stealth-rock Piloswine
stealth-rock Corsola
stealth-rock Corsola
stealth-rock Skarmory
stealth-rock Miltank
stealth-rock Blissey
stealth-rock Larvitar
stealth-rock Pupitar
stealth-rock Tyranitar
stealth-rock Celebi
stealth-rock Marshtomp
stealth-rock Swampert
stealth-rock Mawile
stealth-rock Aron
stealth-rock Lairon
stealth-rock Aggron
stealth-rock Torkoal
stealth-rock Lunatone
stealth-rock Solrock
stealth-rock Baltoy
stealth-rock Claydol
stealth-rock Lileep
stealth-rock Cradily
stealth-rock Anorith
stealth-rock Armaldo
stealth-rock Relicanth
stealth-rock Metang
stealth-rock Metagross
stealth-rock Regirock
stealth-rock Registeel
stealth-rock Groudon
stealth-rock Jirachi
stealth-rock Bronzor
stealth-rock Bronzong
stealth-rock Bonsly
stealth-rock Gible
stealth-rock Gabite
stealth-rock Garchomp
stealth-rock Hippopotas
stealth-rock Hippowdon
stealth-rock Rhyperior
stealth-rock Mamoswine
stealth-rock Uxie
stealth-rock Mesprit
stealth-rock Azelf
stealth-rock Dialga
stealth-rock Heatran
stealth-rock Roggenrola
stealth-rock Boldore
stealth-rock Gigalith
stealth-rock Drilbur
stealth-rock Excadrill
stealth-rock Palpitoad
stealth-rock Seismitoad
stealth-rock Sandile
stealth-rock Krokorok
stealth-rock Krookodile
stealth-rock Dwebble
stealth-rock Crustle
stealth-rock Tirtouga
stealth-rock Carracosta
stealth-rock Archen
stealth-rock Archeops
stealth-rock Ferroseed
stealth-rock Ferrothorn
stealth-rock Stunfisk
stealth-rock Stunfisk
stealth-rock Druddigon
stealth-rock Golett
stealth-rock Golurk
stealth-rock Pawniard
stealth-rock Bisharp
stealth-rock Cobalion
stealth-rock Terrakion
stealth-rock Landorus
stealth-rock Landorus
stealth-rock Binacle
stealth-rock Barbaracle
stealth-rock Tyrunt
stealth-rock Tyrantrum
stealth-rock Amaura
stealth-rock Aurorus
stealth-rock Carbink
stealth-rock Diancie
stealth-rock Rockruff
stealth-rock Lycanroc
stealth-rock Lycanroc
stealth-rock Lycanroc
stealth-rock Mudbray
stealth-rock Mudsdale
stealth-rock Sandygast
stealth-rock Palossand
stealth-rock Kommo-o
stealth-rock Nihilego
stealth-rock Necrozma
stealth-rock Stakataka
stealth-rock Drednaw
stealth-rock Rolycoly
stealth-rock Carkol
stealth-rock Coalossal
stealth-rock Sandaconda
stealth-rock Cursola
stealth-rock Runerigus
stealth-rock Stonjourner
stealth-rock Cufant
stealth-rock Copperajah
stealth-rock Duraludon
steam-eruption Volcanion
steamroller Golem
steamroller Golem
steamroller Venipede
steamroller Whirlipede
steamroller Scolipede
steamroller Guzzlord
steel-roller Sandshrew
steel-roller Sandshrew
steel-roller Sandslash
steel-roller Sandslash
steel-roller Jigglypuff
steel-roller Wigglytuff
steel-roller Cloyster
steel-roller Lickitung
steel-roller Snorlax
steel-roller Mew
steel-roller Marill
steel-roller Azumarill
steel-roller Steelix
steel-roller Qwilfish
steel-roller Shuckle
steel-roller Miltank
steel-roller Aron
steel-roller Lairon
steel-roller Aggron
steel-roller Wailmer
steel-roller Wailord
steel-roller Glalie
steel-roller Spheal
steel-roller Sealeo
steel-roller Walrein
steel-roller Metang
steel-roller Metagross
steel-roller Registeel
steel-roller Bronzor
steel-roller Bronzong
steel-roller Magnezone
steel-roller Lickilicky
steel-roller Heatran
steel-roller Venipede
steel-roller Whirlipede
steel-roller Scolipede
steel-roller Solosis
steel-roller Duosion
steel-roller Reuniclus
steel-roller Ferroseed
steel-roller Ferrothorn
steel-roller Klink
steel-roller Klang
steel-roller Klinklang
steel-roller Togedemaru
steel-roller Dhelmise
steel-roller Solgaleo
steel-roller Celesteela
steel-roller Guzzlord
steel-roller Magearna
steel-roller Stakataka
steel-roller Melmetal
steel-roller Cufant
steel-roller Copperajah
steel-roller Duraludon
steel-wing Skarmory
steel-wing Fletchling
steel-wing Fletchinder
steel-wing Talonflame
steel-wing Corviknight
steel-wing Charizard
steel-wing Zubat
steel-wing Golbat
steel-wing Farfetch'd
steel-wing Farfetch'd
steel-wing Scyther
steel-wing Aerodactyl
steel-wing Articuno
steel-wing Articuno
steel-wing Zapdos
steel-wing Zapdos
steel-wing Moltres
steel-wing Moltres
steel-wing Dragonite
steel-wing Mew
steel-wing Hoothoot
steel-wing Noctowl
steel-wing Crobat
steel-wing Togetic
steel-wing Natu
steel-wing Xatu
steel-wing Scizor
steel-wing Delibird
steel-wing Skarmory
steel-wing Lugia
steel-wing Ho-oh
steel-wing Wingull
steel-wing Pelipper
steel-wing Vibrava
steel-wing Flygon
steel-wing Swablu
steel-wing Altaria
steel-wing Salamence
steel-wing Latias
steel-wing Latios
steel-wing Togekiss
steel-wing Giratina
steel-wing Giratina
steel-wing Pidove
steel-wing Tranquill
steel-wing Unfezant
steel-wing Woobat
steel-wing Swoobat
steel-wing Sigilyph
steel-wing Archen
steel-wing Archeops
steel-wing Elgyem
steel-wing Beheeyem
steel-wing Rufflet
steel-wing Braviary
steel-wing Vullaby
steel-wing Mandibuzz
steel-wing Hydreigon
steel-wing Reshiram
steel-wing Zekrom
steel-wing Kyurem
steel-wing Kyurem
steel-wing Kyurem
steel-wing Fletchling
steel-wing Fletchinder
steel-wing Talonflame
steel-wing Hawlucha
steel-wing Noibat
steel-wing Noivern
steel-wing Yveltal
steel-wing Rowlet
steel-wing Dartrix
steel-wing Decidueye
steel-wing Silvally
steel-wing Drampa
steel-wing Tapu Koko
steel-wing Corviknight
steel-wing Cramorant
steel-wing Sirfetch'd
steel-wing Drakloak
steel-wing Dragapult
sticky-web Shuckle
sticky-web Galvantula
sticky-web Slurpuff
sticky-web Grubbin
sticky-web Charjabug
sticky-web Vikavolt
sticky-web Swirlix
sticky-web Slurpuff
sticky-web Cutiefly
sticky-web Ribombee
sticky-web Dewpider
sticky-web Araquanid
sticky-web Blipbug
sticky-web Dottler
sticky-web Orbeetle
stockpile Jigglypuff
stockpile Wigglytuff
stockpile Snorlax
stockpile Lanturn
stockpile Qwilfish
stockpile Pelipper
stockpile Mawile
stockpile Lileep
stockpile Cradily
stockpile Drifloon
stockpile Drifblim
stockpile Munchlax
stockpile Trubbish
stockpile Garbodor
stockpile Heatmor
stockpile Guzzlord
stockpile Skwovet
stockpile Greedent
stockpile Cramorant
stockpile Koffing
stockpile Weezing
stockpile Weezing
stockpile Wooper
stockpile Quagsire
stockpile Spheal
stockpile Shellos
stockpile Gastrodon
stockpile Hippopotas
stockpile Hippowdon
stockpile Mareanie
stockpile Toxapex
stockpile Dewpider
stockpile Araquanid
stockpile Sandygast
stockpile Palossand
stomp Ponyta
stomp Ponyta
stomp Rapidash
stomp Rapidash
stomp Krabby
stomp Kingler
stomp Exeggutor
stomp Lickitung
stomp Rhyhorn
stomp Rhydon
stomp Kangaskhan
stomp Miltank
stomp Entei
stomp Whismur
stomp Loudred
stomp Exploud
stomp Regirock
stomp Regice
stomp Registeel
stomp Lickilicky
stomp Rhyperior
stomp Regigigas
stomp Tyrunt
stomp Tyrantrum
stomp Volcanion
stomp Mudbray
stomp Mudsdale
stomp Steenee
stomp Tsareena
stomp Pheromosa
stomp Guzzlord
stomp Stakataka
stomp Appletun
stomp Stonjourner
stomp Cufant
stomp Copperajah
stomp Dracozolt
stomp Dracovish
stomp Glastrier
stomp Spectrier
stomp Calyrex
stomp Calyrex
stomp Slowpoke
stomp Slowpoke
stomp Slowbro
stomp Slowbro
stomp Slowking
stomp Larvitar
stomp Pupitar
stomp Tyranitar
stomp Mudkip
stomp Aron
stomp Snover
stomp Abomasnow
stomp Bouffalant
stomp Stufful
stomp Bewear
stomp Wooloo
stomp Dubwool
stomping-tantrum Cubone
stomping-tantrum Marowak
stomping-tantrum Marowak
stomping-tantrum Larvitar
stomping-tantrum Pupitar
stomping-tantrum Tyranitar
stomping-tantrum Golett
stomping-tantrum Golurk
stomping-tantrum Guzzlord
stomping-tantrum Venusaur
stomping-tantrum Sandshrew
stomping-tantrum Sandslash
stomping-tantrum Nidorina
stomping-tantrum Nidoqueen
stomping-tantrum Nidorino
stomping-tantrum Nidoking
stomping-tantrum Diglett
stomping-tantrum Diglett
stomping-tantrum Dugtrio
stomping-tantrum Dugtrio
stomping-tantrum Machoke
stomping-tantrum Machamp
stomping-tantrum Onix
stomping-tantrum Kingler
stomping-tantrum Exeggutor
stomping-tantrum Exeggutor
stomping-tantrum Cubone
stomping-tantrum Marowak
stomping-tantrum Marowak
stomping-tantrum Hitmonlee
stomping-tantrum Lickitung
stomping-tantrum Rhyhorn
stomping-tantrum Rhydon
stomping-tantrum Chansey
stomping-tantrum Mr. Mime
stomping-tantrum Tauros
stomping-tantrum Snorlax
stomping-tantrum Zapdos
stomping-tantrum Mew
stomping-tantrum Sudowoodo
stomping-tantrum Wooper
stomping-tantrum Quagsire
stomping-tantrum Dunsparce
stomping-tantrum Steelix
stomping-tantrum Piloswine
stomping-tantrum Corsola
stomping-tantrum Corsola
stomping-tantrum Miltank
stomping-tantrum Blissey
stomping-tantrum Entei
stomping-tantrum Larvitar
stomping-tantrum Pupitar
stomping-tantrum Tyranitar
stomping-tantrum Swampert
stomping-tantrum Linoone
stomping-tantrum Linoone
stomping-tantrum Loudred
stomping-tantrum Exploud
stomping-tantrum Lairon
stomping-tantrum Aggron
stomping-tantrum Torkoal
stomping-tantrum Lunatone
stomping-tantrum Solrock
stomping-tantrum Whiscash
stomping-tantrum Armaldo
stomping-tantrum Walrein
stomping-tantrum Relicanth
stomping-tantrum Metagross
stomping-tantrum Regirock
stomping-tantrum Regice
stomping-tantrum Registeel
stomping-tantrum Groudon
stomping-tantrum Gastrodon
stomping-tantrum Bonsly
stomping-tantrum Garchomp
stomping-tantrum Munchlax
stomping-tantrum Hippopotas
stomping-tantrum Hippowdon
stomping-tantrum Drapion
stomping-tantrum Abomasnow
stomping-tantrum Lickilicky
stomping-tantrum Rhyperior
stomping-tantrum Tangrowth
stomping-tantrum Electivire
stomping-tantrum Magmortar
stomping-tantrum Mamoswine
stomping-tantrum Dialga
stomping-tantrum Palkia
stomping-tantrum Heatran
stomping-tantrum Regigigas
stomping-tantrum Stoutland
stomping-tantrum Boldore
stomping-tantrum Gigalith
stomping-tantrum Excadrill
stomping-tantrum Audino
stomping-tantrum Conkeldurr
stomping-tantrum Seismitoad
stomping-tantrum Throh
stomping-tantrum Scolipede
stomping-tantrum Krokorok
stomping-tantrum Krookodile
stomping-tantrum Crustle
stomping-tantrum Garbodor
stomping-tantrum Amoonguss
stomping-tantrum Fraxure
stomping-tantrum Haxorus
stomping-tantrum Stunfisk
stomping-tantrum Stunfisk
stomping-tantrum Druddigon
stomping-tantrum Golett
stomping-tantrum Golurk
stomping-tantrum Bouffalant
stomping-tantrum Heatmor
stomping-tantrum Durant
stomping-tantrum Terrakion
stomping-tantrum Diggersby
stomping-tantrum Pangoro
stomping-tantrum Tyrunt
stomping-tantrum Tyrantrum
stomping-tantrum Carbink
stomping-tantrum Goodra
stomping-tantrum Avalugg
stomping-tantrum Zygarde
stomping-tantrum Volcanion
stomping-tantrum Incineroar
stomping-tantrum Rockruff
stomping-tantrum Lycanroc
stomping-tantrum Lycanroc
stomping-tantrum Lycanroc
stomping-tantrum Mudbray
stomping-tantrum Mudsdale
stomping-tantrum Stufful
stomping-tantrum Bewear
stomping-tantrum Turtonator
stomping-tantrum Drampa
stomping-tantrum Kommo-o
stomping-tantrum Buzzwole
stomping-tantrum Celesteela
stomping-tantrum Guzzlord
stomping-tantrum Stakataka
stomping-tantrum Rillaboom
stomping-tantrum Greedent
stomping-tantrum Drednaw
stomping-tantrum Grapploct
stomping-tantrum Grimmsnarl
stomping-tantrum Obstagoon
stomping-tantrum Cursola
stomping-tantrum Mr. Rime
stomping-tantrum Stonjourner
stomping-tantrum Morpeko
stomping-tantrum Cufant
stomping-tantrum Copperajah
stomping-tantrum Dracozolt
stomping-tantrum Arctozolt
stomping-tantrum Dracovish
stomping-tantrum Duraludon
stomping-tantrum Zarude
stomping-tantrum Glastrier
stomping-tantrum Spectrier
stomping-tantrum Calyrex
stomping-tantrum Calyrex
stone-axe Kleavor
stone-edge Onix
stone-edge Rhyhorn
stone-edge Rhydon
stone-edge Kabuto
stone-edge Kabutops
stone-edge Aerodactyl
stone-edge Sudowoodo
stone-edge Steelix
stone-edge Shuckle
stone-edge Larvitar
stone-edge Pupitar
stone-edge Tyranitar
stone-edge Lunatone
stone-edge Solrock
stone-edge Regirock
stone-edge Rhyperior
stone-edge Heatran
stone-edge Roggenrola
stone-edge Boldore
stone-edge Gigalith
stone-edge Timburr
stone-edge Gurdurr
stone-edge Conkeldurr
stone-edge Terrakion
stone-edge Landorus
stone-edge Landorus
stone-edge Barbaracle
stone-edge Carbink
stone-edge Diancie
stone-edge Rockruff
stone-edge Lycanroc
stone-edge Lycanroc
stone-edge Lycanroc
stone-edge Stonjourner
stone-edge Sandslash
stone-edge Nidoqueen
stone-edge Nidoking
stone-edge Dugtrio
stone-edge Dugtrio
stone-edge Machamp
stone-edge Onix
stone-edge Marowak
stone-edge Marowak
stone-edge Hitmonlee
stone-edge Hitmonchan
stone-edge Rhyhorn
stone-edge Rhydon
stone-edge Pinsir
stone-edge Tauros
stone-edge Gyarados
stone-edge Omastar
stone-edge Kabuto
stone-edge Kabutops
stone-edge Aerodactyl
stone-edge Dragonite
stone-edge Mewtwo
stone-edge Mew
stone-edge Sudowoodo
stone-edge Quagsire
stone-edge Steelix
stone-edge Shuckle
stone-edge Heracross
stone-edge Piloswine
stone-edge Corsola
stone-edge Corsola
stone-edge Hitmontop
stone-edge Entei
stone-edge Larvitar
stone-edge Pupitar
stone-edge Tyranitar
stone-edge Blaziken
stone-edge Swampert
stone-edge Mawile
stone-edge Lairon
stone-edge Aggron
stone-edge Torkoal
stone-edge Flygon
stone-edge Lunatone
stone-edge Solrock
stone-edge Whiscash
stone-edge Claydol
stone-edge Cradily
stone-edge Armaldo
stone-edge Absol
stone-edge Relicanth
stone-edge Salamence
stone-edge Regirock
stone-edge Groudon
stone-edge Rayquaza
stone-edge Gastrodon
stone-edge Gible
stone-edge Gabite
stone-edge Garchomp
stone-edge Lucario
stone-edge Hippowdon
stone-edge Toxicroak
stone-edge Rhyperior
stone-edge Mamoswine
stone-edge Gallade
stone-edge Dialga
stone-edge Palkia
stone-edge Heatran
stone-edge Regigigas
stone-edge Giratina
stone-edge Giratina
stone-edge Roggenrola
stone-edge Boldore
stone-edge Gigalith
stone-edge Timburr
stone-edge Gurdurr
stone-edge Conkeldurr
stone-edge Throh
stone-edge Sawk
stone-edge Sandile
stone-edge Krokorok
stone-edge Krookodile
stone-edge Darmanitan
stone-edge Darmanitan
stone-edge Dwebble
stone-edge Crustle
stone-edge Scraggy
stone-edge Scrafty
stone-edge Tirtouga
stone-edge Carracosta
stone-edge Archen
stone-edge Archeops
stone-edge Beartic
stone-edge Stunfisk
stone-edge Stunfisk
stone-edge Mienfoo
stone-edge Mienshao
stone-edge Golurk
stone-edge Bisharp
stone-edge Bouffalant
stone-edge Durant
stone-edge Hydreigon
stone-edge Cobalion
stone-edge Terrakion
stone-edge Virizion
stone-edge Reshiram
stone-edge Zekrom
stone-edge Landorus
stone-edge Landorus
stone-edge Kyurem
stone-edge Kyurem
stone-edge Kyurem
stone-edge Keldeo
stone-edge Bunnelby
stone-edge Diggersby
stone-edge Pancham
stone-edge Pangoro
stone-edge Binacle
stone-edge Barbaracle
stone-edge Tyrunt
stone-edge Tyrantrum
stone-edge Amaura
stone-edge Aurorus
stone-edge Hawlucha
stone-edge Carbink
stone-edge Bergmite
stone-edge Avalugg
stone-edge Zygarde
stone-edge Diancie
stone-edge Volcanion
stone-edge Rockruff
stone-edge Lycanroc
stone-edge Lycanroc
stone-edge Lycanroc
stone-edge Sandygast
stone-edge Palossand
stone-edge Turtonator
stone-edge Tapu Bulu
stone-edge Solgaleo
stone-edge Buzzwole
stone-edge Celesteela
stone-edge Guzzlord
stone-edge Necrozma
stone-edge Marshadow
stone-edge Stakataka
stone-edge Drednaw
stone-edge Rolycoly
stone-edge Carkol
stone-edge Coalossal
stone-edge Sandaconda
stone-edge Cursola
stone-edge Runerigus
stone-edge Stonjourner
stone-edge Copperajah
stone-edge Dracozolt
stone-edge Arctozolt
stone-edge Dracovish
stone-edge Arctovish
stone-edge Duraludon
stone-edge Urshifu
stone-edge Urshifu
stored-power Clefairy
stored-power Clefable
stored-power Natu
stored-power Xatu
stored-power Latias
stored-power Latios
stored-power Victini
stored-power Munna
stored-power Musharna
stored-power Meowstic
stored-power Oranguru
stored-power Necrozma
stored-power Indeedee
stored-power Indeedee
stored-power Raichu
stored-power Clefairy
stored-power Clefable
stored-power Ninetales
stored-power Ninetales
stored-power Alakazam
stored-power Ponyta
stored-power Rapidash
stored-power Slowpoke
stored-power Slowpoke
stored-power Slowbro
stored-power Slowbro
stored-power Chansey
stored-power Mr. Mime
stored-power Mr. Mime
stored-power Jynx
stored-power Eevee
stored-power Vaporeon
stored-power Jolteon
stored-power Flareon
stored-power Articuno
stored-power Mewtwo
stored-power Mew
stored-power Hoothoot
stored-power Noctowl
stored-power Cleffa
stored-power Togepi
stored-power Togetic
stored-power Natu
stored-power Xatu
stored-power Espeon
stored-power Umbreon
stored-power Slowking
stored-power Slowking
stored-power Dunsparce
stored-power Smoochum
stored-power Blissey
stored-power Ralts
stored-power Kirlia
stored-power Gardevoir
stored-power Lunatone
stored-power Solrock
stored-power Claydol
stored-power Latias
stored-power Latios
stored-power Jirachi
stored-power Mime Jr.
stored-power Happiny
stored-power Togekiss
stored-power Leafeon
stored-power Glaceon
stored-power Gallade
stored-power Rotom
stored-power Rotom
stored-power Rotom
stored-power Rotom
stored-power Rotom
stored-power Rotom
stored-power Uxie
stored-power Mesprit
stored-power Azelf
stored-power Cresselia
stored-power Victini
stored-power Munna
stored-power Musharna
stored-power Woobat
stored-power Swoobat
stored-power Sigilyph
stored-power Gothita
stored-power Gothorita
stored-power Gothitelle
stored-power Solosis
stored-power Duosion
stored-power Reuniclus
stored-power Elgyem
stored-power Beheeyem
stored-power Meowstic
stored-power Inkay
stored-power Malamar
stored-power Sylveon
stored-power Klefki
stored-power Diancie
stored-power Primarina
stored-power Comfey
stored-power Oranguru
stored-power Tapu Koko
stored-power Tapu Lele
stored-power Tapu Bulu
stored-power Tapu Fini
stored-power Necrozma
stored-power Magearna
stored-power Blacephalon
stored-power Dottler
stored-power Orbeetle
stored-power Toxtricity
stored-power Toxtricity
stored-power Sinistea
stored-power Polteageist
stored-power Hatenna
stored-power Hattrem
stored-power Hatterene
stored-power Mr. Rime
stored-power Milcery
stored-power Alcremie
stored-power Indeedee
stored-power Indeedee
stored-power Calyrex
stored-power Calyrex
stored-power Calyrex
storm-throw Pinsir
storm-throw Throh
storm-throw Pancham
storm-throw Pangoro
strange-steam Weezing
strength Machop
strength Machoke
strength Machamp
strength Pinsir
strength Mudbray
strength Mudsdale
strength Stufful
strength Bewear
strength Cufant
strength Copperajah
strength Grookey
strength Thwackey
strength Rillaboom
strength-sap Corsola
strength-sap Drifblim
strength-sap Morelull
strength-sap Shiinotic
strength-sap Polteageist
strength-sap Cursola
strength-sap Oddish
strength-sap Gloom
strength-sap Vileplume
strength-sap Bellossom
strength-sap Frillish
strength-sap Jellicent
string-shot Caterpie
string-shot Butterfree
string-shot Joltik
string-shot Galvantula
string-shot Larvesta
string-shot Volcarona
string-shot Swirlix
string-shot Slurpuff
string-shot Grubbin
string-shot Charjabug
string-shot Vikavolt
struggle-bug Shuckle
struggle-bug Combee
struggle-bug Vespiquen
struggle-bug Shelmet
struggle-bug Accelgor
struggle-bug Larvesta
struggle-bug Volcarona
struggle-bug Cutiefly
struggle-bug Ribombee
struggle-bug Wimpod
struggle-bug Golisopod
struggle-bug Blipbug
struggle-bug Dottler
struggle-bug Orbeetle
struggle-bug Snom
struggle-bug Frosmoth
struggle-bug Joltik
struggle-bug Galvantula
struggle-bug Durant
struggle-bug Sizzlipede
struggle-bug Centiskorch
stuff-cheeks Skwovet
stuff-cheeks Greedent
stun-spore Butterfree
stun-spore Oddish
stun-spore Gloom
stun-spore Vileplume
stun-spore Tangela
stun-spore Bellossom
stun-spore Roselia
stun-spore Budew
stun-spore Roserade
stun-spore Tangrowth
stun-spore Cottonee
stun-spore Whimsicott
stun-spore Petilil
stun-spore Lilligant
stun-spore Foongus
stun-spore Amoonguss
stun-spore Cutiefly
stun-spore Ribombee
stun-spore Frosmoth
stun-spore Exeggcute
stun-spore Exeggutor
stun-spore Exeggutor
stun-spore Morelull
stun-spore Shiinotic
stun-spore Gossifleur
stun-spore Eldegoss
submission Poliwrath
submission Pinsir
submission Hawlucha
submission Clobbopus
submission Grapploct
submission Obstagoon
submission Machop
submission Machoke
submission Machamp
submission Drilbur
submission Excadrill
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Bulbasaur
substitute Ivysaur
substitute Venusaur
substitute Charmander
substitute Charmeleon
substitute Charizard
substitute Squirtle
substitute Wartortle
substitute Blastoise
substitute Butterfree
substitute Pikachu
substitute Raichu
substitute Raichu
substitute Sandshrew
substitute Sandshrew
substitute Sandslash
substitute Sandslash
substitute Nidoran♀
substitute Nidorina
substitute Nidoqueen
substitute Nidoran♂
substitute Nidorino
substitute Nidoking
substitute Clefairy
substitute Clefable
substitute Vulpix
substitute Vulpix
substitute Ninetales
substitute Ninetales
substitute Jigglypuff
substitute Wigglytuff
substitute Zubat
substitute Golbat
substitute Oddish
substitute Gloom
substitute Vileplume
substitute Diglett
substitute Diglett
substitute Dugtrio
substitute Dugtrio
substitute Meowth
substitute Meowth
substitute Meowth
substitute Persian
substitute Persian
substitute Psyduck
substitute Golduck
substitute Growlithe
substitute Arcanine
substitute Poliwag
substitute Poliwhirl
substitute Poliwrath
substitute Abra
substitute Kadabra
substitute Alakazam
substitute Machop
substitute Machoke
substitute Machamp
substitute Tentacool
substitute Tentacruel
substitute Ponyta
substitute Ponyta
substitute Rapidash
substitute Rapidash
substitute Slowpoke
substitute Slowpoke
substitute Slowbro
substitute Slowbro
substitute Magnemite
substitute Magneton
substitute Farfetch'd
substitute Farfetch'd
substitute Shellder
substitute Cloyster
substitute Gastly
substitute Haunter
substitute Gengar
substitute Onix
substitute Krabby
substitute Kingler
substitute Exeggcute
substitute Exeggutor
substitute Exeggutor
substitute Cubone
substitute Marowak
substitute Marowak
substitute Hitmonlee
substitute Hitmonchan
substitute Lickitung
substitute Koffing
substitute Weezing
substitute Weezing
substitute Rhyhorn
substitute Rhydon
substitute Chansey
substitute Tangela
substitute Kangaskhan
substitute Horsea
substitute Seadra
substitute Goldeen
substitute Seaking
substitute Staryu
substitute Starmie
substitute Mr. Mime
substitute Mr. Mime
substitute Scyther
substitute Jynx
substitute Electabuzz
substitute Magmar
substitute Pinsir
substitute Tauros
substitute Gyarados
substitute Lapras
substitute Eevee
substitute Vaporeon
substitute Jolteon
substitute Flareon
substitute Porygon
substitute Omanyte
substitute Omastar
substitute Kabuto
substitute Kabutops
substitute Aerodactyl
substitute Snorlax
substitute Articuno
substitute Articuno
substitute Zapdos
substitute Zapdos
substitute Moltres
substitute Moltres
substitute Dratini
substitute Dragonair
substitute Dragonite
substitute Mewtwo
substitute Mew
substitute Hoothoot
substitute Noctowl
substitute Crobat
substitute Chinchou
substitute Lanturn
substitute Pichu
substitute Cleffa
substitute Igglybuff
substitute Togepi
substitute Togetic
substitute Natu
substitute Xatu
substitute Bellossom
substitute Marill
substitute Azumarill
substitute Sudowoodo
substitute Politoed
substitute Wooper
substitute Quagsire
substitute Espeon
substitute Umbreon
substitute Slowking
substitute Slowking
substitute Dunsparce
substitute Steelix
substitute Qwilfish
substitute Scizor
substitute Shuckle
substitute Heracross
substitute Sneasel
substitute Swinub
substitute Piloswine
substitute Corsola
substitute Corsola
substitute Remoraid
substitute Octillery
substitute Delibird
substitute Mantine
substitute Skarmory
substitute Kingdra
substitute Porygon2
substitute Tyrogue
substitute Hitmontop
substitute Smoochum
substitute Elekid
substitute Magby
substitute Miltank
substitute Blissey
substitute Raikou
substitute Entei
substitute Suicune
substitute Larvitar
substitute Pupitar
substitute Tyranitar
substitute Lugia
substitute Ho-oh
substitute Celebi
substitute Treecko
substitute Grovyle
substitute Sceptile
substitute Torchic
substitute Combusken
substitute Blaziken
substitute Mudkip
substitute Marshtomp
substitute Swampert
substitute Zigzagoon
substitute Zigzagoon
substitute Linoone
substitute Linoone
substitute Lotad
substitute Lombre
substitute Ludicolo
substitute Seedot
substitute Nuzleaf
substitute Shiftry
substitute Wingull
substitute Pelipper
substitute Ralts
substitute Kirlia
substitute Gardevoir
substitute Nincada
substitute Ninjask
substitute Shedinja
substitute Whismur
substitute Loudred
substitute Exploud
substitute Azurill
substitute Sableye
substitute Mawile
substitute Aron
substitute Lairon
substitute Aggron
substitute Electrike
substitute Manectric
substitute Roselia
substitute Carvanha
substitute Sharpedo
substitute Wailmer
substitute Wailord
substitute Torkoal
substitute Trapinch
substitute Vibrava
substitute Flygon
substitute Swablu
substitute Altaria
substitute Lunatone
substitute Solrock
substitute Barboach
substitute Whiscash
substitute Corphish
substitute Crawdaunt
substitute Baltoy
substitute Claydol
substitute Lileep
substitute Cradily
substitute Anorith
substitute Armaldo
substitute Feebas
substitute Milotic
substitute Duskull
substitute Dusclops
substitute Absol
substitute Snorunt
substitute Glalie
substitute Spheal
substitute Sealeo
substitute Walrein
substitute Relicanth
substitute Bagon
substitute Shelgon
substitute Salamence
substitute Metang
substitute Metagross
substitute Regirock
substitute Regice
substitute Registeel
substitute Latias
substitute Latios
substitute Kyogre
substitute Groudon
substitute Rayquaza
substitute Jirachi
substitute Shinx
substitute Luxio
substitute Luxray
substitute Budew
substitute Roserade
substitute Vespiquen
substitute Cherubi
substitute Cherrim
substitute Shellos
substitute Gastrodon
substitute Drifloon
substitute Drifblim
substitute Buneary
substitute Lopunny
substitute Stunky
substitute Skuntank
substitute Bronzor
substitute Bronzong
substitute Bonsly
substitute Mime Jr.
substitute Happiny
substitute Spiritomb
substitute Gible
substitute Gabite
substitute Garchomp
substitute Munchlax
substitute Riolu
substitute Lucario
substitute Hippopotas
substitute Hippowdon
substitute Skorupi
substitute Drapion
substitute Croagunk
substitute Toxicroak
substitute Mantyke
substitute Snover
substitute Abomasnow
substitute Weavile
substitute Magnezone
substitute Lickilicky
substitute Rhyperior
substitute Tangrowth
substitute Electivire
substitute Magmortar
substitute Togekiss
substitute Leafeon
substitute Glaceon
substitute Mamoswine
substitute Porygon-Z
substitute Gallade
substitute Dusknoir
substitute Froslass
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Rotom
substitute Uxie
substitute Mesprit
substitute Azelf
substitute Dialga
substitute Palkia
substitute Heatran
substitute Regigigas
substitute Giratina
substitute Giratina
substitute Cresselia
substitute Victini
substitute Lillipup
substitute Herdier
substitute Stoutland
substitute Purrloin
substitute Liepard
substitute Munna
substitute Musharna
substitute Pidove
substitute Tranquill
substitute Unfezant
substitute Roggenrola
substitute Boldore
substitute Gigalith
substitute Woobat
substitute Swoobat
substitute Drilbur
substitute Excadrill
substitute Audino
substitute Timburr
substitute Gurdurr
substitute Conkeldurr
substitute Tympole
substitute Palpitoad
substitute Seismitoad
substitute Throh
substitute Sawk
substitute Venipede
substitute Whirlipede
substitute Scolipede
substitute Cottonee
substitute Whimsicott
substitute Petilil
substitute Lilligant
substitute Basculin
substitute Sandile
substitute Krokorok
substitute Krookodile
substitute Darumaka
substitute Darumaka
substitute Darmanitan
substitute Darmanitan
substitute Maractus
substitute Dwebble
substitute Crustle
substitute Scraggy
substitute Scrafty
substitute Sigilyph
substitute Yamask
substitute Yamask
substitute Cofagrigus
substitute Tirtouga
substitute Carracosta
substitute Archen
substitute Archeops
substitute Trubbish
substitute Garbodor
substitute Zorua
substitute Zoroark
substitute Minccino
substitute Cinccino
substitute Gothita
substitute Gothorita
substitute Gothitelle
substitute Solosis
substitute Duosion
substitute Reuniclus
substitute Vanillite
substitute Vanillish
substitute Vanilluxe
substitute Emolga
substitute Karrablast
substitute Escavalier
substitute Foongus
substitute Amoonguss
substitute Frillish
substitute Jellicent
substitute Joltik
substitute Galvantula
substitute Ferroseed
substitute Ferrothorn
substitute Klink
substitute Klang
substitute Klinklang
substitute Elgyem
substitute Beheeyem
substitute Litwick
substitute Lampent
substitute Chandelure
substitute Axew
substitute Fraxure
substitute Haxorus
substitute Cubchoo
substitute Beartic
substitute Cryogonal
substitute Shelmet
substitute Accelgor
substitute Stunfisk
substitute Stunfisk
substitute Mienfoo
substitute Mienshao
substitute Druddigon
substitute Golett
substitute Golurk
substitute Pawniard
substitute Bisharp
substitute Bouffalant
substitute Rufflet
substitute Braviary
substitute Vullaby
substitute Mandibuzz
substitute Heatmor
substitute Durant
substitute Deino
substitute Zweilous
substitute Hydreigon
substitute Larvesta
substitute Volcarona
substitute Cobalion
substitute Terrakion
substitute Virizion
substitute Tornadus
substitute Tornadus
substitute Thundurus
substitute Thundurus
substitute Reshiram
substitute Zekrom
substitute Landorus
substitute Landorus
substitute Kyurem
substitute Kyurem
substitute Kyurem
substitute Keldeo
substitute Genesect
substitute Bunnelby
substitute Diggersby
substitute Fletchling
substitute Fletchinder
substitute Talonflame
substitute Pancham
substitute Pangoro
substitute Espurr
substitute Meowstic
substitute Meowstic
substitute Honedge
substitute Doublade
substitute Aegislash
substitute Aegislash
substitute Spritzee
substitute Aromatisse
substitute Swirlix
substitute Slurpuff
substitute Inkay
substitute Malamar
substitute Binacle
substitute Barbaracle
substitute Skrelp
substitute Dragalge
substitute Clauncher
substitute Clawitzer
substitute Helioptile
substitute Heliolisk
substitute Tyrunt
substitute Tyrantrum
substitute Amaura
substitute Aurorus
substitute Sylveon
substitute Hawlucha
substitute Dedenne
substitute Carbink
substitute Goomy
substitute Sliggoo
substitute Goodra
substitute Klefki
substitute Phantump
substitute Trevenant
substitute Pumpkaboo
substitute Gourgeist
substitute Bergmite
substitute Avalugg
substitute Noibat
substitute Noivern
substitute Xerneas
substitute Yveltal
substitute Zygarde
substitute Diancie
substitute Volcanion
substitute Rowlet
substitute Dartrix
substitute Decidueye
substitute Litten
substitute Torracat
substitute Incineroar
substitute Popplio
substitute Brionne
substitute Primarina
substitute Grubbin
substitute Charjabug
substitute Vikavolt
substitute Cutiefly
substitute Ribombee
substitute Rockruff
substitute Lycanroc
substitute Lycanroc
substitute Lycanroc
substitute Wishiwashi
substitute Mareanie
substitute Toxapex
substitute Mudbray
substitute Mudsdale
substitute Dewpider
substitute Araquanid
substitute Fomantis
substitute Lurantis
substitute Morelull
substitute Shiinotic
substitute Salandit
substitute Salazzle
substitute Stufful
substitute Bewear
substitute Bounsweet
substitute Steenee
substitute Tsareena
substitute Comfey
substitute Oranguru
substitute Passimian
substitute Wimpod
substitute Golisopod
substitute Sandygast
substitute Palossand
substitute Pyukumuku
substitute Type: Null
substitute Silvally
substitute Turtonator
substitute Togedemaru
substitute Mimikyu
substitute Drampa
substitute Dhelmise
substitute Jangmo-o
substitute Hakamo-o
substitute Kommo-o
substitute Tapu Koko
substitute Tapu Lele
substitute Tapu Bulu
substitute Tapu Fini
substitute Solgaleo
substitute Lunala
substitute Nihilego
substitute Buzzwole
substitute Pheromosa
substitute Xurkitree
substitute Celesteela
substitute Kartana
substitute Guzzlord
substitute Necrozma
substitute Magearna
substitute Marshadow
substitute Poipole
substitute Naganadel
substitute Stakataka
substitute Blacephalon
substitute Zeraora
substitute Meltan
substitute Melmetal
substitute Grookey
substitute Thwackey
substitute Rillaboom
substitute Scorbunny
substitute Raboot
substitute Cinderace
substitute Sobble
substitute Drizzile
substitute Inteleon
substitute Skwovet
substitute Greedent
substitute Rookidee
substitute Corvisquire
substitute Corviknight
substitute Dottler
substitute Orbeetle
substitute Nickit
substitute Thievul
substitute Gossifleur
substitute Eldegoss
substitute Wooloo
substitute Dubwool
substitute Chewtle
substitute Drednaw
substitute Yamper
substitute Boltund
substitute Rolycoly
substitute Carkol
substitute Coalossal
substitute Flapple
substitute Appletun
substitute Silicobra
substitute Sandaconda
substitute Cramorant
substitute Arrokuda
substitute Barraskewda
substitute Toxel
substitute Toxtricity
substitute Toxtricity
substitute Sizzlipede
substitute Centiskorch
substitute Clobbopus
substitute Grapploct
substitute Sinistea
substitute Polteageist
substitute Hatenna
substitute Hattrem
substitute Hatterene
substitute Impidimp
substitute Morgrem
substitute Grimmsnarl
substitute Obstagoon
substitute Perrserker
substitute Cursola
substitute Sirfetch'd
substitute Mr. Rime
substitute Runerigus
substitute Milcery
substitute Alcremie
substitute Falinks
substitute Pincurchin
substitute Snom
substitute Frosmoth
substitute Stonjourner
substitute Eiscue
substitute Indeedee
substitute Indeedee
substitute Morpeko
substitute Cufant
substitute Copperajah
substitute Dracozolt
substitute Arctozolt
substitute Dracovish
substitute Arctovish
substitute Duraludon
substitute Dreepy
substitute Drakloak
substitute Dragapult
substitute Zacian
substitute Zamazenta
substitute Eternatus
substitute Kubfu
substitute Urshifu
substitute Urshifu
substitute Zarude
substitute Regieleki
substitute Regidrago
substitute Glastrier
substitute Spectrier
substitute Calyrex
substitute Calyrex
substitute Calyrex
sucker-punch Diglett
sucker-punch Diglett
sucker-punch Dugtrio
sucker-punch Dugtrio
sucker-punch Gastly
sucker-punch Haunter
sucker-punch Gengar
sucker-punch Kangaskhan
sucker-punch Mr. Mime
sucker-punch Mr. Mime
sucker-punch Moltres
sucker-punch Sudowoodo
sucker-punch Hitmontop
sucker-punch Seedot
sucker-punch Nuzleaf
sucker-punch Shiftry
sucker-punch Mawile
sucker-punch Absol
sucker-punch Stunky
sucker-punch Skuntank
sucker-punch Bonsly
sucker-punch Mime Jr.
sucker-punch Spiritomb
sucker-punch Croagunk
sucker-punch Toxicroak
sucker-punch Purrloin
sucker-punch Liepard
sucker-punch Maractus
sucker-punch Joltik
sucker-punch Galvantula
sucker-punch Stunfisk
sucker-punch Stunfisk
sucker-punch Meowstic
sucker-punch Meowstic
sucker-punch Yveltal
sucker-punch Rowlet
sucker-punch Dartrix
sucker-punch Decidueye
sucker-punch Lycanroc
sucker-punch Lycanroc
sucker-punch Golisopod
sucker-punch Marshadow
sucker-punch Sobble
sucker-punch Drizzile
sucker-punch Inteleon
sucker-punch Nickit
sucker-punch Thievul
sucker-punch Sinistea
sucker-punch Polteageist
sucker-punch Impidimp
sucker-punch Morgrem
sucker-punch Grimmsnarl
sucker-punch Mr. Rime
sucker-punch Dragapult
sucker-punch Urshifu
sucker-punch Nidoran♂
sucker-punch Natu
sucker-punch Xatu
sucker-punch Sableye
sucker-punch Zorua
sucker-punch Zoroark
sucker-punch Druddigon
sucker-punch Pawniard
sucker-punch Bisharp
sucker-punch Heatmor
sucker-punch Phantump
sucker-punch Trevenant
sucker-punch Scorbunny
sucker-punch Raboot
sucker-punch Cinderace
sucker-punch Applin
sucker-punch Flapple
sucker-punch Appletun
sucker-punch Clobbopus
sucker-punch Grapploct
sucker-punch Pincurchin
sucker-punch Dreepy
sucker-punch Drakloak
sucker-punch Dragapult
sunny-day Magmar
sunny-day Moltres
sunny-day Magby
sunny-day Entei
sunny-day Ho-oh
sunny-day Seedot
sunny-day Nuzleaf
sunny-day Shiftry
sunny-day Cherrim
sunny-day Bronzong
sunny-day Magmortar
sunny-day Leafeon
sunny-day Cottonee
sunny-day Whimsicott
sunny-day Petilil
sunny-day Lilligant
sunny-day Maractus
sunny-day Fomantis
sunny-day Lurantis
sunny-day Bulbasaur
sunny-day Ivysaur
sunny-day Venusaur
sunny-day Charmander
sunny-day Charmeleon
sunny-day Charizard
sunny-day Butterfree
sunny-day Sandshrew
sunny-day Sandshrew
sunny-day Sandslash
sunny-day Sandslash
sunny-day Nidoran♀
sunny-day Nidorina
sunny-day Nidoqueen
sunny-day Nidoran♂
sunny-day Nidorino
sunny-day Nidoking
sunny-day Clefairy
sunny-day Clefable
sunny-day Vulpix
sunny-day Ninetales
sunny-day Jigglypuff
sunny-day Wigglytuff
sunny-day Zubat
sunny-day Golbat
sunny-day Oddish
sunny-day Gloom
sunny-day Vileplume
sunny-day Diglett
sunny-day Diglett
sunny-day Dugtrio
sunny-day Dugtrio
sunny-day Meowth
sunny-day Meowth
sunny-day Meowth
sunny-day Persian
sunny-day Persian
sunny-day Growlithe
sunny-day Arcanine
sunny-day Abra
sunny-day Kadabra
sunny-day Alakazam
sunny-day Machop
sunny-day Machoke
sunny-day Machamp
sunny-day Ponyta
sunny-day Rapidash
sunny-day Slowpoke
sunny-day Slowpoke
sunny-day Slowbro
sunny-day Slowbro
sunny-day Magnemite
sunny-day Magneton
sunny-day Farfetch'd
sunny-day Farfetch'd
sunny-day Gastly
sunny-day Haunter
sunny-day Gengar
sunny-day Onix
sunny-day Exeggcute
sunny-day Exeggutor
sunny-day Exeggutor
sunny-day Cubone
sunny-day Marowak
sunny-day Marowak
sunny-day Hitmonlee
sunny-day Hitmonchan
sunny-day Lickitung
sunny-day Koffing
sunny-day Weezing
sunny-day Weezing
sunny-day Rhyhorn
sunny-day Rhydon
sunny-day Chansey
sunny-day Tangela
sunny-day Kangaskhan
sunny-day Mr. Mime
sunny-day Mr. Mime
sunny-day Scyther
sunny-day Magmar
sunny-day Pinsir
sunny-day Tauros
sunny-day Eevee
sunny-day Vaporeon
sunny-day Jolteon
sunny-day Flareon
sunny-day Porygon
sunny-day Aerodactyl
sunny-day Snorlax
sunny-day Articuno
sunny-day Zapdos
sunny-day Moltres
sunny-day Dratini
sunny-day Dragonair
sunny-day Dragonite
sunny-day Mewtwo
sunny-day Mew
sunny-day Hoothoot
sunny-day Noctowl
sunny-day Crobat
sunny-day Cleffa
sunny-day Igglybuff
sunny-day Togepi
sunny-day Togetic
sunny-day Natu
sunny-day Xatu
sunny-day Bellossom
sunny-day Sudowoodo
sunny-day Espeon
sunny-day Umbreon
sunny-day Slowking
sunny-day Slowking
sunny-day Dunsparce
sunny-day Steelix
sunny-day Scizor
sunny-day Shuckle
sunny-day Heracross
sunny-day Sneasel
sunny-day Corsola
sunny-day Corsola
sunny-day Remoraid
sunny-day Octillery
sunny-day Skarmory
sunny-day Porygon2
sunny-day Tyrogue
sunny-day Hitmontop
sunny-day Magby
sunny-day Miltank
sunny-day Blissey
sunny-day Raikou
sunny-day Entei
sunny-day Suicune
sunny-day Larvitar
sunny-day Pupitar
sunny-day Tyranitar
sunny-day Lugia
sunny-day Ho-oh
sunny-day Celebi
sunny-day Treecko
sunny-day Grovyle
sunny-day Sceptile
sunny-day Torchic
sunny-day Combusken
sunny-day Blaziken
sunny-day Zigzagoon
sunny-day Zigzagoon
sunny-day Linoone
sunny-day Linoone
sunny-day Lotad
sunny-day Lombre
sunny-day Ludicolo
sunny-day Seedot
sunny-day Nuzleaf
sunny-day Shiftry
sunny-day Ralts
sunny-day Kirlia
sunny-day Gardevoir
sunny-day Nincada
sunny-day Ninjask
sunny-day Shedinja
sunny-day Whismur
sunny-day Loudred
sunny-day Exploud
sunny-day Sableye
sunny-day Mawile
sunny-day Aron
sunny-day Lairon
sunny-day Aggron
sunny-day Roselia
sunny-day Torkoal
sunny-day Trapinch
sunny-day Vibrava
sunny-day Flygon
sunny-day Swablu
sunny-day Altaria
sunny-day Solrock
sunny-day Baltoy
sunny-day Claydol
sunny-day Lileep
sunny-day Cradily
sunny-day Anorith
sunny-day Armaldo
sunny-day Duskull
sunny-day Dusclops
sunny-day Absol
sunny-day Bagon
sunny-day Shelgon
sunny-day Salamence
sunny-day Metang
sunny-day Metagross
sunny-day Regirock
sunny-day Registeel
sunny-day Latias
sunny-day Latios
sunny-day Groudon
sunny-day Rayquaza
sunny-day Jirachi
sunny-day Budew
sunny-day Roserade
sunny-day Vespiquen
sunny-day Cherubi
sunny-day Cherrim
sunny-day Drifloon
sunny-day Drifblim
sunny-day Buneary
sunny-day Lopunny
sunny-day Stunky
sunny-day Skuntank
sunny-day Bronzor
sunny-day Bronzong
sunny-day Bonsly
sunny-day Mime Jr.
sunny-day Happiny
sunny-day Spiritomb
sunny-day Gible
sunny-day Gabite
sunny-day Garchomp
sunny-day Munchlax
sunny-day Riolu
sunny-day Lucario
sunny-day Hippopotas
sunny-day Hippowdon
sunny-day Skorupi
sunny-day Drapion
sunny-day Croagunk
sunny-day Toxicroak
sunny-day Weavile
sunny-day Magnezone
sunny-day Lickilicky
sunny-day Rhyperior
sunny-day Tangrowth
sunny-day Magmortar
sunny-day Togekiss
sunny-day Leafeon
sunny-day Glaceon
sunny-day Porygon-Z
sunny-day Gallade
sunny-day Dusknoir
sunny-day Rotom
sunny-day Rotom
sunny-day Rotom
sunny-day Rotom
sunny-day Rotom
sunny-day Rotom
sunny-day Uxie
sunny-day Mesprit
sunny-day Azelf
sunny-day Dialga
sunny-day Palkia
sunny-day Heatran
sunny-day Regigigas
sunny-day Giratina
sunny-day Giratina
sunny-day Cresselia
sunny-day Victini
sunny-day Lillipup
sunny-day Herdier
sunny-day Stoutland
sunny-day Purrloin
sunny-day Liepard
sunny-day Pidove
sunny-day Tranquill
sunny-day Unfezant
sunny-day Audino
sunny-day Timburr
sunny-day Gurdurr
sunny-day Conkeldurr
sunny-day Throh
sunny-day Sawk
sunny-day Venipede
sunny-day Whirlipede
sunny-day Scolipede
sunny-day Cottonee
sunny-day Whimsicott
sunny-day Petilil
sunny-day Lilligant
sunny-day Darumaka
sunny-day Darumaka
sunny-day Darmanitan
sunny-day Darmanitan
sunny-day Maractus
sunny-day Scraggy
sunny-day Scrafty
sunny-day Trubbish
sunny-day Garbodor
sunny-day Zorua
sunny-day Zoroark
sunny-day Minccino
sunny-day Cinccino
sunny-day Foongus
sunny-day Amoonguss
sunny-day Ferroseed
sunny-day Ferrothorn
sunny-day Litwick
sunny-day Lampent
sunny-day Chandelure
sunny-day Axew
sunny-day Fraxure
sunny-day Haxorus
sunny-day Mienfoo
sunny-day Mienshao
sunny-day Druddigon
sunny-day Bouffalant
sunny-day Rufflet
sunny-day Braviary
sunny-day Vullaby
sunny-day Mandibuzz
sunny-day Heatmor
sunny-day Deino
sunny-day Zweilous
sunny-day Hydreigon
sunny-day Larvesta
sunny-day Volcarona
sunny-day Virizion
sunny-day Reshiram
sunny-day Kyurem
sunny-day Kyurem
sunny-day Kyurem
sunny-day Keldeo
sunny-day Fletchling
sunny-day Fletchinder
sunny-day Talonflame
sunny-day Pancham
sunny-day Pangoro
sunny-day Espurr
sunny-day Meowstic
sunny-day Meowstic
sunny-day Aegislash
sunny-day Aegislash
sunny-day Spritzee
sunny-day Aromatisse
sunny-day Swirlix
sunny-day Slurpuff
sunny-day Inkay
sunny-day Malamar
sunny-day Heliolisk
sunny-day Tyrunt
sunny-day Tyrantrum
sunny-day Sylveon
sunny-day Hawlucha
sunny-day Dedenne
sunny-day Carbink
sunny-day Goomy
sunny-day Sliggoo
sunny-day Goodra
sunny-day Klefki
sunny-day Phantump
sunny-day Trevenant
sunny-day Pumpkaboo
sunny-day Gourgeist
sunny-day Noibat
sunny-day Noivern
sunny-day Xerneas
sunny-day Yveltal
sunny-day Zygarde
sunny-day Diancie
sunny-day Volcanion
sunny-day Rowlet
sunny-day Dartrix
sunny-day Decidueye
sunny-day Litten
sunny-day Torracat
sunny-day Incineroar
sunny-day Cutiefly
sunny-day Ribombee
sunny-day Fomantis
sunny-day Lurantis
sunny-day Morelull
sunny-day Shiinotic
sunny-day Bounsweet
sunny-day Steenee
sunny-day Tsareena
sunny-day Comfey
sunny-day Oranguru
sunny-day Passimian
sunny-day Type: Null
sunny-day Silvally
sunny-day Turtonator
sunny-day Drampa
sunny-day Dhelmise
sunny-day Tapu Lele
sunny-day Tapu Bulu
sunny-day Solgaleo
sunny-day Lunala
sunny-day Xurkitree
sunny-day Blacephalon
sunny-day Grookey
sunny-day Thwackey
sunny-day Rillaboom
sunny-day Scorbunny
sunny-day Raboot
sunny-day Cinderace
sunny-day Gossifleur
sunny-day Eldegoss
sunny-day Flapple
sunny-day Appletun
sunny-day Sizzlipede
sunny-day Centiskorch
sunny-day Obstagoon
sunny-day Perrserker
sunny-day Cursola
sunny-day Sirfetch'd
sunny-day Mr. Rime
sunny-day Dracozolt
sunny-day Zarude
sunny-day Calyrex
sunny-day Calyrex
sunny-day Calyrex
sunsteel-strike Solgaleo
super-fang Bunnelby
super-fang Diggersby
super-fang Dedenne
super-fang Noibat
super-fang Noivern
super-fang Skwovet
super-fang Greedent
super-fang Dracovish
super-fang Arctovish
super-fang Scorbunny
super-fang Raboot
super-fang Cinderace
super-fang Morpeko
superpower Nidoqueen
superpower Pinsir
superpower Marill
superpower Azumarill
superpower Trapinch
superpower Vibrava
superpower Flygon
superpower Regirock
superpower Regice
superpower Registeel
superpower Timburr
superpower Gurdurr
superpower Conkeldurr
superpower Throh
superpower Darumaka
superpower Darumaka
superpower Darmanitan
superpower Darmanitan
superpower Beartic
superpower Druddigon
superpower Braviary
superpower Inkay
superpower Malamar
superpower Mudbray
superpower Mudsdale
superpower Stufful
superpower Bewear
superpower Buzzwole
superpower Melmetal
superpower Clobbopus
superpower Grapploct
superpower Cufant
superpower Copperajah
superpower Nidoqueen
superpower Nidoking
superpower Poliwrath
superpower Machop
superpower Machoke
superpower Machamp
superpower Farfetch'd
superpower Krabby
superpower Kingler
superpower Exeggutor
superpower Hitmonlee
superpower Rhyhorn
superpower Rhydon
superpower Pinsir
superpower Flareon
superpower Kabutops
superpower Snorlax
superpower Zapdos
superpower Dragonite
superpower Mew
superpower Marill
superpower Azumarill
superpower Scizor
superpower Swinub
superpower Piloswine
superpower Larvitar
superpower Pupitar
superpower Tyranitar
superpower Blaziken
superpower Mudkip
superpower Marshtomp
superpower Swampert
superpower Aron
superpower Lairon
superpower Aggron
superpower Torkoal
superpower Trapinch
superpower Vibrava
superpower Flygon
superpower Corphish
superpower Crawdaunt
superpower Armaldo
superpower Absol
superpower Regirock
superpower Regice
superpower Registeel
superpower Luxray
superpower Munchlax
superpower Hippopotas
superpower Hippowdon
superpower Rhyperior
superpower Mamoswine
superpower Regigigas
superpower Stoutland
superpower Gigalith
superpower Timburr
superpower Gurdurr
superpower Conkeldurr
superpower Throh
superpower Sawk
superpower Scolipede
superpower Basculin
superpower Krookodile
superpower Darumaka
superpower Darumaka
superpower Darmanitan
superpower Darmanitan
superpower Carracosta
superpower Reuniclus
superpower Axew
superpower Fraxure
superpower Haxorus
superpower Cubchoo
superpower Beartic
superpower Druddigon
superpower Golett
superpower Golurk
superpower Bouffalant
superpower Rufflet
superpower Braviary
superpower Heatmor
superpower Durant
superpower Deino
superpower Zweilous
superpower Hydreigon
superpower Cobalion
superpower Terrakion
superpower Virizion
superpower Tornadus
superpower Tornadus
superpower Thundurus
superpower Thundurus
superpower Landorus
superpower Landorus
superpower Keldeo
superpower Diggersby
superpower Pancham
superpower Pangoro
superpower Inkay
superpower Malamar
superpower Barbaracle
superpower Tyrunt
superpower Tyrantrum
superpower Hawlucha
superpower Goodra
superpower Avalugg
superpower Zygarde
superpower Volcanion
superpower Incineroar
superpower Mudbray
superpower Mudsdale
superpower Lurantis
superpower Stufful
superpower Bewear
superpower Passimian
superpower Drampa
superpower Kommo-o
superpower Tapu Bulu
superpower Solgaleo
superpower Buzzwole
superpower Celesteela
superpower Marshadow
superpower Stakataka
superpower Zeraora
superpower Melmetal
superpower Rillaboom
superpower Greedent
superpower Drednaw
superpower Appletun
superpower Cramorant
superpower Clobbopus
superpower Grapploct
superpower Grimmsnarl
superpower Sirfetch'd
superpower Falinks
superpower Stonjourner
superpower Cufant
superpower Copperajah
superpower Kubfu
superpower Urshifu
superpower Urshifu
superpower Zarude
superpower Glastrier
superpower Calyrex
supersonic Butterfree
supersonic Zubat
supersonic Golbat
supersonic Tentacool
supersonic Tentacruel
supersonic Magnemite
supersonic Magneton
supersonic Shellder
supersonic Cloyster
supersonic Lickitung
supersonic Goldeen
supersonic Seaking
supersonic Aerodactyl
supersonic Crobat
supersonic Chinchou
supersonic Lanturn
supersonic Mantine
supersonic Mudkip
supersonic Marshtomp
supersonic Swampert
supersonic Wingull
supersonic Pelipper
supersonic Whismur
supersonic Loudred
supersonic Exploud
supersonic Vibrava
supersonic Flygon
supersonic Mantyke
supersonic Magnezone
supersonic Lickilicky
supersonic Tympole
supersonic Palpitoad
supersonic Seismitoad
supersonic Noibat
supersonic Noivern
supersonic Nidoran♀
supersonic Nidoran♂
supersonic Omanyte
supersonic Dratini
supersonic Hoothoot
supersonic Noctowl
supersonic Marill
supersonic Azumarill
supersonic Qwilfish
supersonic Remoraid
supersonic Octillery
supersonic Azurill
supersonic Woobat
supersonic Swoobat
supersonic Blipbug
supersonic Dottler
supersonic Orbeetle
surf Tentacool
surf Tentacruel
surf Slowpoke
surf Slowpoke
surf Slowbro
surf Slowbro
surf Staryu
surf Starmie
surf Omanyte
surf Omastar
surf Slowking
surf Slowking
surf Suicune
surf Mudkip
surf Marshtomp
surf Swampert
surf Milotic
surf Spheal
surf Sealeo
surf Walrein
surf Tapu Fini
surf Eiscue
surf Squirtle
surf Wartortle
surf Blastoise
surf Pikachu
surf Raichu
surf Raichu
surf Nidoqueen
surf Nidoking
surf Psyduck
surf Golduck
surf Poliwag
surf Poliwhirl
surf Poliwrath
surf Tentacool
surf Tentacruel
surf Slowpoke
surf Slowpoke
surf Slowbro
surf Slowbro
surf Shellder
surf Cloyster
surf Krabby
surf Kingler
surf Lickitung
surf Rhydon
surf Kangaskhan
surf Horsea
surf Seadra
surf Goldeen
surf Seaking
surf Staryu
surf Starmie
surf Tauros
surf Gyarados
surf Lapras
surf Vaporeon
surf Omanyte
surf Omastar
surf Kabuto
surf Kabutops
surf Snorlax
surf Dratini
surf Dragonair
surf Dragonite
surf Mew
surf Chinchou
surf Lanturn
surf Pichu
surf Marill
surf Azumarill
surf Politoed
surf Wooper
surf Quagsire
surf Slowking
surf Slowking
surf Qwilfish
surf Sneasel
surf Corsola
surf Corsola
surf Remoraid
surf Octillery
surf Mantine
surf Kingdra
surf Miltank
surf Suicune
surf Tyranitar
surf Lugia
surf Mudkip
surf Marshtomp
surf Swampert
surf Zigzagoon
surf Zigzagoon
surf Linoone
surf Linoone
surf Lotad
surf Lombre
surf Ludicolo
surf Pelipper
surf Exploud
surf Azurill
surf Aggron
surf Carvanha
surf Sharpedo
surf Wailmer
surf Wailord
surf Barboach
surf Whiscash
surf Corphish
surf Crawdaunt
surf Feebas
surf Milotic
surf Spheal
surf Sealeo
surf Walrein
surf Relicanth
surf Latias
surf Latios
surf Kyogre
surf Rayquaza
surf Shellos
surf Gastrodon
surf Garchomp
surf Munchlax
surf Mantyke
surf Weavile
surf Lickilicky
surf Rhyperior
surf Palkia
surf Herdier
surf Stoutland
surf Audino
surf Tympole
surf Palpitoad
surf Seismitoad
surf Basculin
surf Tirtouga
surf Carracosta
surf Frillish
surf Jellicent
surf Haxorus
surf Cubchoo
surf Beartic
surf Stunfisk
surf Stunfisk
surf Druddigon
surf Bouffalant
surf Hydreigon
surf Keldeo
surf Bunnelby
surf Diggersby
surf Pancham
surf Pangoro
surf Swirlix
surf Slurpuff
surf Binacle
surf Barbaracle
surf Skrelp
surf Dragalge
surf Clauncher
surf Clawitzer
surf Helioptile
surf Heliolisk
surf Goodra
surf Bergmite
surf Avalugg
surf Popplio
surf Brionne
surf Primarina
surf Wishiwashi
surf Mareanie
surf Toxapex
surf Dewpider
surf Araquanid
surf Wimpod
surf Golisopod
surf Silvally
surf Drampa
surf Dhelmise
surf Tapu Fini
surf Sobble
surf Drizzile
surf Inteleon
surf Chewtle
surf Drednaw
surf Cramorant
surf Barraskewda
surf Grapploct
surf Obstagoon
surf Cursola
surf Pincurchin
surf Eiscue
surf Arctozolt
surf Dracovish
surf Arctovish
surf Drakloak
surf Dragapult
surging-strikes Urshifu
swagger Meowth
swagger Tauros
swagger Politoed
swagger Slowking
swagger Slowking
swagger Entei
swagger Nuzleaf
swagger Shiftry
swagger Carvanha
swagger Sharpedo
swagger Sealeo
swagger Walrein
swagger Shinx
swagger Luxio
swagger Luxray
swagger Vespiquen
swagger Croagunk
swagger Toxicroak
swagger Snover
swagger Abomasnow
swagger Pidove
swagger Tranquill
swagger Unfezant
swagger Sandile
swagger Krokorok
swagger Krookodile
swagger Scraggy
swagger Scrafty
swagger Beartic
swagger Tornadus
swagger Tornadus
swagger Thundurus
swagger Thundurus
swagger Inkay
swagger Malamar
swagger Litten
swagger Torracat
swagger Incineroar
swagger Salazzle
swagger Tsareena
swagger Rookidee
swagger Corvisquire
swagger Corviknight
swagger Toxtricity
swagger Toxtricity
swagger Impidimp
swagger Morgrem
swagger Grimmsnarl
swagger Perrserker
swagger Zarude
swagger Pyukumuku
swagger Wooloo
swagger Dubwool
swagger Morpeko
swagger Cufant
swagger Copperajah
swallow Jigglypuff
swallow Wigglytuff
swallow Snorlax
swallow Lanturn
swallow Pelipper
swallow Mawile
swallow Lileep
swallow Cradily
swallow Drifloon
swallow Drifblim
swallow Munchlax
swallow Trubbish
swallow Garbodor
swallow Heatmor
swallow Guzzlord
swallow Skwovet
swallow Greedent
swallow Cramorant
swallow Koffing
swallow Weezing
swallow Weezing
swallow Wooper
swallow Quagsire
swallow Spheal
swallow Shellos
swallow Gastrodon
swallow Hippopotas
swallow Hippowdon
swallow Mareanie
swallow Toxapex
swallow Sandygast
swallow Palossand
sweet-kiss Pikachu
sweet-kiss Raichu
sweet-kiss Raichu
sweet-kiss Clefairy
sweet-kiss Clefable
sweet-kiss Jigglypuff
sweet-kiss Wigglytuff
sweet-kiss Chansey
sweet-kiss Jynx
sweet-kiss Pichu
sweet-kiss Cleffa
sweet-kiss Igglybuff
sweet-kiss Togepi
sweet-kiss Togetic
sweet-kiss Smoochum
sweet-kiss Blissey
sweet-kiss Happiny
sweet-kiss Togekiss
sweet-kiss Spritzee
sweet-kiss Aromatisse
sweet-kiss Comfey
sweet-kiss Milcery
sweet-kiss Alcremie
sweet-kiss Buneary
sweet-kiss Lopunny
sweet-kiss Audino
sweet-scent Bulbasaur
sweet-scent Ivysaur
sweet-scent Venusaur
sweet-scent Oddish
sweet-scent Gloom
sweet-scent Vileplume
sweet-scent Bellossom
sweet-scent Mawile
sweet-scent Roselia
sweet-scent Roserade
sweet-scent Combee
sweet-scent Vespiquen
sweet-scent Maractus
sweet-scent Foongus
sweet-scent Amoonguss
sweet-scent Spritzee
sweet-scent Aromatisse
sweet-scent Swirlix
sweet-scent Slurpuff
sweet-scent Cutiefly
sweet-scent Ribombee
sweet-scent Fomantis
sweet-scent Lurantis
sweet-scent Salandit
sweet-scent Salazzle
sweet-scent Bounsweet
sweet-scent Steenee
sweet-scent Tsareena
sweet-scent Comfey
sweet-scent Tapu Lele
sweet-scent Gossifleur
sweet-scent Eldegoss
sweet-scent Appletun
sweet-scent Milcery
sweet-scent Alcremie
sweet-scent Shuckle
sweet-scent Lotad
sweet-scent Lombre
sweet-scent Ludicolo
sweet-scent Cherubi
sweet-scent Cherrim
sweet-scent Petilil
sweet-scent Lilligant
swift Sandshrew
swift Sandshrew
swift Sandslash
swift Sandslash
swift Staryu
swift Starmie
swift Electabuzz
swift Eevee
swift Vaporeon
swift Jolteon
swift Flareon
swift Mewtwo
swift Espeon
swift Umbreon
swift Elekid
swift Crawdaunt
swift Jirachi
swift Electivire
swift Leafeon
swift Glaceon
swift Uxie
swift Mesprit
swift Azelf
swift Minccino
swift Cinccino
swift Accelgor
swift Sylveon
swift Charmander
swift Charmeleon
swift Charizard
swift Butterfree
swift Pikachu
swift Raichu
swift Raichu
swift Sandshrew
swift Sandshrew
swift Sandslash
swift Sandslash
swift Vulpix
swift Vulpix
swift Ninetales
swift Ninetales
swift Zubat
swift Golbat
swift Meowth
swift Meowth
swift Persian
swift Persian
swift Psyduck
swift Golduck
swift Growlithe
swift Arcanine
swift Abra
swift Kadabra
swift Alakazam
swift Ponyta
swift Ponyta
swift Rapidash
swift Rapidash
swift Slowpoke
swift Slowpoke
swift Slowbro
swift Slowbro
swift Magnemite
swift Magneton
swift Farfetch'd
swift Shellder
swift Cloyster
swift Cubone
swift Marowak
swift Marowak
swift Hitmonlee
swift Hitmonchan
swift Horsea
swift Seadra
swift Goldeen
swift Seaking
swift Staryu
swift Starmie
swift Scyther
swift Electabuzz
swift Eevee
swift Vaporeon
swift Jolteon
swift Flareon
swift Porygon
swift Aerodactyl
swift Articuno
swift Articuno
swift Zapdos
swift Zapdos
swift Moltres
swift Moltres
swift Dratini
swift Dragonair
swift Dragonite
swift Mewtwo
swift Mew
swift Hoothoot
swift Noctowl
swift Crobat
swift Pichu
swift Togepi
swift Togetic
swift Natu
swift Xatu
swift Marill
swift Azumarill
swift Espeon
swift Umbreon
swift Slowking
swift Slowking
swift Qwilfish
swift Scizor
swift Sneasel
swift Remoraid
swift Octillery
swift Delibird
swift Mantine
swift Skarmory
swift Kingdra
swift Porygon2
swift Tyrogue
swift Hitmontop
swift Elekid
swift Raikou
swift Entei
swift Suicune
swift Lugia
swift Ho-oh
swift Celebi
swift Treecko
swift Grovyle
swift Sceptile
swift Combusken
swift Blaziken
swift Zigzagoon
swift Zigzagoon
swift Linoone
swift Linoone
swift Nuzleaf
swift Shiftry
swift Wingull
swift Pelipper
swift Ralts
swift Kirlia
swift Gardevoir
swift Ninjask
swift Electrike
swift Manectric
swift Roselia
swift Carvanha
swift Sharpedo
swift Vibrava
swift Flygon
swift Swablu
swift Altaria
swift Lunatone
swift Solrock
swift Crawdaunt
swift Feebas
swift Milotic
swift Absol
swift Salamence
swift Metang
swift Metagross
swift Latias
swift Latios
swift Rayquaza
swift Jirachi
swift Shinx
swift Luxio
swift Luxray
swift Budew
swift Roserade
swift Vespiquen
swift Drifloon
swift Drifblim
swift Buneary
swift Lopunny
swift Stunky
swift Skuntank
swift Gible
swift Gabite
swift Garchomp
swift Riolu
swift Lucario
swift Mantyke
swift Weavile
swift Magnezone
swift Electivire
swift Togekiss
swift Leafeon
swift Glaceon
swift Porygon-Z
swift Gallade
swift Rotom
swift Rotom
swift Rotom
swift Rotom
swift Rotom
swift Rotom
swift Uxie
swift Mesprit
swift Azelf
swift Dialga
swift Palkia
swift Giratina
swift Giratina
swift Cresselia
swift Victini
swift Purrloin
swift Liepard
swift Munna
swift Musharna
swift Pidove
swift Tranquill
swift Unfezant
swift Woobat
swift Swoobat
swift Cottonee
swift Whimsicott
swift Basculin
swift Sigilyph
swift Archen
swift Archeops
swift Zorua
swift Zoroark
swift Minccino
swift Cinccino
swift Emolga
swift Joltik
swift Galvantula
swift Axew
swift Fraxure
swift Haxorus
swift Accelgor
swift Mienfoo
swift Mienshao
swift Rufflet
swift Braviary
swift Vullaby
swift Mandibuzz
swift Cobalion
swift Terrakion
swift Virizion
swift Reshiram
swift Zekrom
swift Kyurem
swift Kyurem
swift Kyurem
swift Keldeo
swift Genesect
swift Fletchling
swift Fletchinder
swift Talonflame
swift Espurr
swift Meowstic
swift Meowstic
swift Helioptile
swift Heliolisk
swift Sylveon
swift Hawlucha
swift Noibat
swift Noivern
swift Xerneas
swift Yveltal
swift Zygarde
swift Rowlet
swift Dartrix
swift Decidueye
swift Cutiefly
swift Ribombee
swift Lycanroc
swift Salandit
swift Salazzle
swift Wimpod
swift Golisopod
swift Type: Null
swift Silvally
swift Togedemaru
swift Drampa
swift Tapu Koko
swift Solgaleo
swift Lunala
swift Pheromosa
swift Marshadow
swift Naganadel
swift Zeraora
swift Grookey
swift Thwackey
swift Rillaboom
swift Scorbunny
swift Raboot
swift Cinderace
swift Sobble
swift Drizzile
swift Inteleon
swift Rookidee
swift Corvisquire
swift Corviknight
swift Nickit
swift Thievul
swift Yamper
swift Boltund
swift Arrokuda
swift Barraskewda
swift Toxtricity
swift Toxtricity
swift Obstagoon
swift Indeedee
swift Indeedee
swift Morpeko
swift Dreepy
swift Drakloak
swift Dragapult
swift Zacian
swift Zamazenta
swift Urshifu
swift Urshifu
swift Zarude
swift Regieleki
swift Spectrier
swift Calyrex
swift Calyrex
swift Calyrex
switcheroo Persian
switcheroo Persian
switcheroo Linoone
switcheroo Linoone
switcheroo Inkay
switcheroo Malamar
switcheroo Cutiefly
switcheroo Ribombee
switcheroo Dhelmise
switcheroo Obstagoon
switcheroo Electrike
switcheroo Manectric
switcheroo Corphish
switcheroo Crawdaunt
switcheroo Snorunt
switcheroo Glalie
switcheroo Buneary
switcheroo Lopunny
switcheroo Froslass
switcheroo Cottonee
switcheroo Whimsicott
switcheroo Archen
switcheroo Binacle
switcheroo Barbaracle
switcheroo Klefki
swords-dance Sandshrew
swords-dance Sandshrew
swords-dance Sandslash
swords-dance Sandslash
swords-dance Farfetch'd
swords-dance Farfetch'd
swords-dance Krabby
swords-dance Kingler
swords-dance Scyther
swords-dance Pinsir
swords-dance Scizor
swords-dance Heracross
swords-dance Ninjask
swords-dance Corphish
swords-dance Crawdaunt
swords-dance Absol
swords-dance Riolu
swords-dance Lucario
swords-dance Leafeon
swords-dance Gallade
swords-dance Drilbur
swords-dance Excadrill
swords-dance Karrablast
swords-dance Escavalier
swords-dance Axew
swords-dance Fraxure
swords-dance Haxorus
swords-dance Pawniard
swords-dance Bisharp
swords-dance Bouffalant
swords-dance Cobalion
swords-dance Terrakion
swords-dance Virizion
swords-dance Landorus
swords-dance Landorus
swords-dance Keldeo
swords-dance Bunnelby
swords-dance Diggersby
swords-dance Honedge
swords-dance Doublade
swords-dance Aegislash
swords-dance Aegislash
swords-dance Clauncher
swords-dance Clawitzer
swords-dance Hawlucha
swords-dance Golisopod
swords-dance Kartana
swords-dance Sirfetch'd
swords-dance Zacian
swords-dance Glastrier
swords-dance Calyrex
swords-dance Bulbasaur
swords-dance Ivysaur
swords-dance Venusaur
swords-dance Charmander
swords-dance Charmeleon
swords-dance Charizard
swords-dance Sandshrew
swords-dance Sandshrew
swords-dance Sandslash
swords-dance Sandslash
swords-dance Oddish
swords-dance Gloom
swords-dance Vileplume
swords-dance Meowth
swords-dance Tentacool
swords-dance Tentacruel
swords-dance Rapidash
swords-dance Rapidash
swords-dance Farfetch'd
swords-dance Farfetch'd
swords-dance Krabby
swords-dance Kingler
swords-dance Exeggcute
swords-dance Exeggutor
swords-dance Exeggutor
swords-dance Cubone
swords-dance Marowak
swords-dance Marowak
swords-dance Lickitung
swords-dance Rhyhorn
swords-dance Rhydon
swords-dance Tangela
swords-dance Goldeen
swords-dance Seaking
swords-dance Scyther
swords-dance Pinsir
swords-dance Kabutops
swords-dance Mew
swords-dance Bellossom
swords-dance Qwilfish
swords-dance Scizor
swords-dance Heracross
swords-dance Sneasel
swords-dance Skarmory
swords-dance Celebi
swords-dance Treecko
swords-dance Grovyle
swords-dance Sceptile
swords-dance Torchic
swords-dance Combusken
swords-dance Blaziken
swords-dance Lotad
swords-dance Lombre
swords-dance Ludicolo
swords-dance Seedot
swords-dance Nuzleaf
swords-dance Shiftry
swords-dance Ninjask
swords-dance Mawile
swords-dance Roselia
swords-dance Solrock
swords-dance Corphish
swords-dance Crawdaunt
swords-dance Lileep
swords-dance Cradily
swords-dance Anorith
swords-dance Armaldo
swords-dance Absol
swords-dance Walrein
swords-dance Groudon
swords-dance Rayquaza
swords-dance Budew
swords-dance Roserade
swords-dance Cherubi
swords-dance Cherrim
swords-dance Garchomp
swords-dance Riolu
swords-dance Lucario
swords-dance Skorupi
swords-dance Drapion
swords-dance Toxicroak
swords-dance Snover
swords-dance Abomasnow
swords-dance Weavile
swords-dance Lickilicky
swords-dance Rhyperior
swords-dance Tangrowth
swords-dance Leafeon
swords-dance Gallade
swords-dance Drilbur
swords-dance Excadrill
swords-dance Scolipede
swords-dance Lilligant
swords-dance Dwebble
swords-dance Crustle
swords-dance Zorua
swords-dance Zoroark
swords-dance Karrablast
swords-dance Escavalier
swords-dance Ferrothorn
swords-dance Axew
swords-dance Fraxure
swords-dance Haxorus
swords-dance Beartic
swords-dance Mienfoo
swords-dance Mienshao
swords-dance Pawniard
swords-dance Bisharp
swords-dance Bouffalant
swords-dance Cobalion
swords-dance Terrakion
swords-dance Virizion
swords-dance Landorus
swords-dance Landorus
swords-dance Keldeo
swords-dance Bunnelby
swords-dance Diggersby
swords-dance Fletchling
swords-dance Fletchinder
swords-dance Talonflame
swords-dance Pancham
swords-dance Pangoro
swords-dance Honedge
swords-dance Doublade
swords-dance Aegislash
swords-dance Aegislash
swords-dance Binacle
swords-dance Barbaracle
swords-dance Clauncher
swords-dance Clawitzer
swords-dance Hawlucha
swords-dance Rowlet
swords-dance Dartrix
swords-dance Decidueye
swords-dance Litten
swords-dance Torracat
swords-dance Incineroar
swords-dance Rockruff
swords-dance Lycanroc
swords-dance Lycanroc
swords-dance Lycanroc
swords-dance Fomantis
swords-dance Lurantis
swords-dance Stufful
swords-dance Bewear
swords-dance Golisopod
swords-dance Type: Null
swords-dance Silvally
swords-dance Mimikyu
swords-dance Dhelmise
swords-dance Jangmo-o
swords-dance Hakamo-o
swords-dance Kommo-o
swords-dance Tapu Bulu
swords-dance Kartana
swords-dance Necrozma
swords-dance Grookey
swords-dance Thwackey
swords-dance Rillaboom
swords-dance Inteleon
swords-dance Greedent
swords-dance Dubwool
swords-dance Drednaw
swords-dance Hatterene
swords-dance Perrserker
swords-dance Sirfetch'd
swords-dance Falinks
swords-dance Duraludon
swords-dance Zacian
swords-dance Glastrier
swords-dance Calyrex
synchronoise Drowzee
synchronoise Hypno
synchronoise Hoothoot
synchronoise Noctowl
synchronoise Whismur
synchronoise Loudred
synchronoise Exploud
synchronoise Kecleon
synchronoise Chimecho
synchronoise Chimecho
synchronoise Chatot
synchronoise Munna
synchronoise Sigilyph
synchronoise Elgyem
synchronoise Beheeyem
synchronoise Beheeyem
synchronoise Bruxish
synchronoise Magearna
synchronoise Psyduck
synchronoise Golduck
synchronoise Eevee
synchronoise Vaporeon
synchronoise Jolteon
synchronoise Flareon
synchronoise Natu
synchronoise Xatu
synchronoise Espeon
synchronoise Umbreon
synchronoise Ralts
synchronoise Kirlia
synchronoise Gardevoir
synchronoise Leafeon
synchronoise Glaceon
synchronoise Gallade
synchronoise Woobat
synchronoise Swoobat
synchronoise Sylveon
synthesis Bulbasaur
synthesis Ivysaur
synthesis Venusaur
synthesis Exeggcute
synthesis Exeggutor
synthesis Exeggutor
synthesis Seedot
synthesis Nuzleaf
synthesis Shiftry
synthesis Roselia
synthesis Roserade
synthesis Leafeon
synthesis Petilil
synthesis Lilligant
synthesis Maractus
synthesis Foongus
synthesis Amoonguss
synthesis Rowlet
synthesis Dartrix
synthesis Decidueye
synthesis Fomantis
synthesis Lurantis
synthesis Comfey
synthesis Kartana
synthesis Gossifleur
synthesis Eldegoss
synthesis Zarude
synthesis Oddish
synthesis Gloom
synthesis Vileplume
synthesis Bellossom
synthesis Treecko
synthesis Lotad
synthesis Lombre
synthesis Ludicolo
synthesis Budew
synthesis Roserade
synthesis Bounsweet
synthesis Steenee
synthesis Tsareena
tackle Bulbasaur
tackle Ivysaur
tackle Venusaur
tackle Squirtle
tackle Wartortle
tackle Blastoise
tackle Caterpie
tackle Butterfree
tackle Ponyta
tackle Ponyta
tackle Rapidash
tackle Rapidash
tackle Slowpoke
tackle Slowpoke
tackle Slowbro
tackle Slowbro
tackle Magnemite
tackle Magneton
tackle Shellder
tackle Cloyster
tackle Onix
tackle Hitmonlee
tackle Hitmonchan
tackle Koffing
tackle Weezing
tackle Weezing
tackle Rhyhorn
tackle Rhydon
tackle Staryu
tackle Starmie
tackle Tauros
tackle Magikarp
tackle Gyarados
tackle Eevee
tackle Vaporeon
tackle Jolteon
tackle Flareon
tackle Porygon
tackle Snorlax
tackle Hoothoot
tackle Noctowl
tackle Marill
tackle Azumarill
tackle Espeon
tackle Umbreon
tackle Slowking
tackle Slowking
tackle Steelix
tackle Qwilfish
tackle Heracross
tackle Swinub
tackle Piloswine
tackle Corsola
tackle Corsola
tackle Mantine
tackle Porygon2
tackle Tyrogue
tackle Hitmontop
tackle Miltank
tackle Larvitar
tackle Pupitar
tackle Tyranitar
tackle Mudkip
tackle Marshtomp
tackle Swampert
tackle Zigzagoon
tackle Zigzagoon
tackle Linoone
tackle Linoone
tackle Seedot
tackle Nuzleaf
tackle Shiftry
tackle Aron
tackle Lairon
tackle Aggron
tackle Electrike
tackle Manectric
tackle Lunatone
tackle Solrock
tackle Feebas
tackle Milotic
tackle Relicanth
tackle Beldum
tackle Metang
tackle Metagross
tackle Shinx
tackle Luxio
tackle Luxray
tackle Cherubi
tackle Cherrim
tackle Bronzor
tackle Bronzong
tackle Gible
tackle Gabite
tackle Garchomp
tackle Munchlax
tackle Hippopotas
tackle Hippowdon
tackle Mantyke
tackle Magnezone
tackle Rhyperior
tackle Leafeon
tackle Glaceon
tackle Mamoswine
tackle Porygon-Z
tackle Lillipup
tackle Herdier
tackle Stoutland
tackle Roggenrola
tackle Boldore
tackle Gigalith
tackle Basculin
tackle Darumaka
tackle Darumaka
tackle Darmanitan
tackle Darmanitan
tackle Ferroseed
tackle Ferrothorn
tackle Stunfisk
tackle Stunfisk
tackle Bouffalant
tackle Heatmor
tackle Deino
tackle Zweilous
tackle Hydreigon
tackle Bunnelby
tackle Diggersby
tackle Pancham
tackle Pangoro
tackle Honedge
tackle Doublade
tackle Aegislash
tackle Aegislash
tackle Swirlix
tackle Slurpuff
tackle Inkay
tackle Malamar
tackle Skrelp
tackle Dragalge
tackle Tyrunt
tackle Tyrantrum
tackle Sylveon
tackle Hawlucha
tackle Dedenne
tackle Carbink
tackle Goomy
tackle Sliggoo
tackle Goodra
tackle Klefki
tackle Phantump
tackle Trevenant
tackle Bergmite
tackle Avalugg
tackle Noibat
tackle Noivern
tackle Xerneas
tackle Diancie
tackle Rowlet
tackle Dartrix
tackle Decidueye
tackle Rockruff
tackle Lycanroc
tackle Lycanroc
tackle Lycanroc
tackle Stufful
tackle Bewear
tackle Passimian
tackle Type: Null
tackle Silvally
tackle Turtonator
tackle Togedemaru
tackle Jangmo-o
tackle Hakamo-o
tackle Kommo-o
tackle Celesteela
tackle Stakataka
tackle Scorbunny
tackle Raboot
tackle Cinderace
tackle Skwovet
tackle Greedent
tackle Wooloo
tackle Dubwool
tackle Chewtle
tackle Drednaw
tackle Yamper
tackle Boltund
tackle Rolycoly
tackle Carkol
tackle Coalossal
tackle Obstagoon
tackle Cursola
tackle Milcery
tackle Alcremie
tackle Falinks
tackle Eiscue
tackle Cufant
tackle Copperajah
tackle Dracozolt
tackle Dracovish
tackle Glastrier
tackle Spectrier
tackle Calyrex
tackle Calyrex
tail-glow Volbeat
tail-glow Manaphy
tail-glow Xurkitree
tail-slap Minccino
tail-slap Cinccino
tail-slap Nickit
tail-slap Thievul
tail-slap Vulpix
tail-slap Vulpix
tail-slap Ninetales
tail-slap Ninetales
tail-slap Mew
tail-slap Zigzagoon
tail-slap Linoone
tail-slap Stunky
tail-slap Skuntank
tail-slap Minccino
tail-slap Cinccino
tail-slap Meowstic
tail-slap Meowstic
tail-slap Lycanroc
tail-slap Lycanroc
tail-slap Skwovet
tail-slap Greedent
tail-slap Nickit
tail-slap Thievul
tail-slap Zacian
tail-slap Zamazenta
tail-whip Squirtle
tail-whip Wartortle
tail-whip Blastoise
tail-whip Pikachu
tail-whip Raichu
tail-whip Raichu
tail-whip Nidoran♀
tail-whip Nidorina
tail-whip Nidoqueen
tail-whip Vulpix
tail-whip Vulpix
tail-whip Ninetales
tail-whip Ninetales
tail-whip Psyduck
tail-whip Golduck
tail-whip Ponyta
tail-whip Ponyta
tail-whip Rapidash
tail-whip Rapidash
tail-whip Cubone
tail-whip Marowak
tail-whip Marowak
tail-whip Rhyhorn
tail-whip Rhydon
tail-whip Chansey
tail-whip Kangaskhan
tail-whip Goldeen
tail-whip Seaking
tail-whip Tauros
tail-whip Eevee
tail-whip Vaporeon
tail-whip Jolteon
tail-whip Flareon
tail-whip Pichu
tail-whip Marill
tail-whip Azumarill
tail-whip Wooper
tail-whip Quagsire
tail-whip Espeon
tail-whip Umbreon
tail-whip Blissey
tail-whip Zigzagoon
tail-whip Linoone
tail-whip Azurill
tail-whip Rhyperior
tail-whip Leafeon
tail-whip Glaceon
tail-whip Basculin
tail-whip Emolga
tail-whip Skrelp
tail-whip Dragalge
tail-whip Helioptile
tail-whip Heliolisk
tail-whip Tyrunt
tail-whip Tyrantrum
tail-whip Sylveon
tail-whip Dedenne
tail-whip Meltan
tail-whip Melmetal
tail-whip Skwovet
tail-whip Greedent
tail-whip Nickit
tail-whip Thievul
tail-whip Yamper
tail-whip Boltund
tail-whip Morpeko
tail-whip Glastrier
tail-whip Spectrier
tail-whip Calyrex
tail-whip Calyrex
tail-whip Meowth
tail-whip Persian
tail-whip Minccino
tail-whip Cinccino
tailwind Butterfree
tailwind Articuno
tailwind Articuno
tailwind Crobat
tailwind Xatu
tailwind Suicune
tailwind Pelipper
tailwind Latias
tailwind Latios
tailwind Drifloon
tailwind Drifblim
tailwind Pidove
tailwind Tranquill
tailwind Unfezant
tailwind Whimsicott
tailwind Sigilyph
tailwind Archen
tailwind Archeops
tailwind Rufflet
tailwind Braviary
tailwind Vullaby
tailwind Mandibuzz
tailwind Tornadus
tailwind Tornadus
tailwind Fletchling
tailwind Fletchinder
tailwind Talonflame
tailwind Noibat
tailwind Noivern
tailwind Yveltal
tailwind Frosmoth
tailwind Aerodactyl
tailwind Mantine
tailwind Swablu
tailwind Mantyke
tailwind Rookidee
tailwind Corvisquire
tailwind Corviknight
take-down Bulbasaur
take-down Ivysaur
take-down Venusaur
take-down Growlithe
take-down Arcanine
take-down Ponyta
take-down Ponyta
take-down Rapidash
take-down Rapidash
take-down Rhyhorn
take-down Rhydon
take-down Chansey
take-down Tauros
take-down Eevee
take-down Vaporeon
take-down Jolteon
take-down Flareon
take-down Aerodactyl
take-down Hoothoot
take-down Noctowl
take-down Chinchou
take-down Lanturn
take-down Espeon
take-down Umbreon
take-down Dunsparce
take-down Qwilfish
take-down Swinub
take-down Piloswine
take-down Mantine
take-down Blissey
take-down Mudkip
take-down Marshtomp
take-down Swampert
take-down Zigzagoon
take-down Zigzagoon
take-down Linoone
take-down Linoone
take-down Aron
take-down Lairon
take-down Aggron
take-down Carvanha
take-down Sharpedo
take-down Swablu
take-down Altaria
take-down Relicanth
take-down Metang
take-down Metagross
take-down Cherubi
take-down Cherrim
take-down Gible
take-down Gabite
take-down Garchomp
take-down Hippopotas
take-down Hippowdon
take-down Mantyke
take-down Rhyperior
take-down Leafeon
take-down Glaceon
take-down Mamoswine
take-down Lillipup
take-down Herdier
take-down Stoutland
take-down Audino
take-down Venipede
take-down Whirlipede
take-down Scolipede
take-down Basculin
take-down Trubbish
take-down Garbodor
take-down Karrablast
take-down Escavalier
take-down Larvesta
take-down Volcarona
take-down Cobalion
take-down Terrakion
take-down Virizion
take-down Keldeo
take-down Bunnelby
take-down Diggersby
take-down Sylveon
take-down Bergmite
take-down Avalugg
take-down Xerneas
take-down Volcanion
take-down Stufful
take-down Bewear
take-down Passimian
take-down Type: Null
take-down Silvally
take-down Stakataka
take-down Wooloo
take-down Dubwool
take-down Obstagoon
take-down Drakloak
take-down Dragapult
take-down Glastrier
take-down Spectrier
take-down Calyrex
take-down Calyrex
take-down Nidoran♀
take-down Nidoran♂
take-down Kabuto
take-down Heracross
take-down Seedot
take-down Nuzleaf
take-down Shiftry
take-down Whismur
take-down Loudred
take-down Exploud
take-down Barboach
take-down Whiscash
take-down Shinx
take-down Luxio
take-down Luxray
take-down Roggenrola
take-down Boldore
take-down Gigalith
take-down Darumaka
take-down Darumaka
take-down Darmanitan
take-down Darmanitan
take-down Amaura
take-down Wishiwashi
take-heart Phione
take-heart Manaphy
tar-shot Coalossal
taunt Meowth
taunt Meowth
taunt Meowth
taunt Persian
taunt Persian
taunt Sneasel
taunt Zigzagoon
taunt Linoone
taunt Mawile
taunt Corphish
taunt Crawdaunt
taunt Absol
taunt Croagunk
taunt Toxicroak
taunt Weavile
taunt Pidove
taunt Tranquill
taunt Unfezant
taunt Darumaka
taunt Darumaka
taunt Darmanitan
taunt Darmanitan
taunt Zorua
taunt Zoroark
taunt Vanillite
taunt Vanillish
taunt Vanilluxe
taunt Axew
taunt Fraxure
taunt Haxorus
taunt Pancham
taunt Pangoro
taunt Hawlucha
taunt Yveltal
taunt Lycanroc
taunt Lycanroc
taunt Oranguru
taunt Pyukumuku
taunt Buzzwole
taunt Grookey
taunt Thwackey
taunt Rillaboom
taunt Rookidee
taunt Corvisquire
taunt Corviknight
taunt Toxtricity
taunt Toxtricity
taunt Clobbopus
taunt Grapploct
taunt Obstagoon
taunt Perrserker
taunt Glastrier
taunt Calyrex
taunt Nidoqueen
taunt Nidoking
taunt Zubat
taunt Golbat
taunt Meowth
taunt Meowth
taunt Meowth
taunt Persian
taunt Persian
taunt Abra
taunt Kadabra
taunt Alakazam
taunt Gastly
taunt Haunter
taunt Gengar
taunt Onix
taunt Koffing
taunt Weezing
taunt Weezing
taunt Mr. Mime
taunt Mr. Mime
taunt Jynx
taunt Gyarados
taunt Aerodactyl
taunt Zapdos
taunt Moltres
taunt Mewtwo
taunt Mew
taunt Crobat
taunt Sudowoodo
taunt Umbreon
taunt Steelix
taunt Qwilfish
taunt Sneasel
taunt Skarmory
taunt Larvitar
taunt Pupitar
taunt Tyranitar
taunt Zigzagoon
taunt Linoone
taunt Ralts
taunt Kirlia
taunt Gardevoir
taunt Loudred
taunt Exploud
taunt Sableye
taunt Mawile
taunt Aggron
taunt Carvanha
taunt Sharpedo
taunt Corphish
taunt Crawdaunt
taunt Duskull
taunt Dusclops
taunt Absol
taunt Glalie
taunt Stunky
taunt Skuntank
taunt Mime Jr.
taunt Spiritomb
taunt Skorupi
taunt Drapion
taunt Croagunk
taunt Toxicroak
taunt Weavile
taunt Electivire
taunt Magmortar
taunt Gallade
taunt Dusknoir
taunt Froslass
taunt Azelf
taunt Heatran
taunt Victini
taunt Purrloin
taunt Liepard
taunt Pidove
taunt Tranquill
taunt Unfezant
taunt Woobat
taunt Swoobat
taunt Timburr
taunt Gurdurr
taunt Conkeldurr
taunt Throh
taunt Sawk
taunt Cottonee
taunt Whimsicott
taunt Basculin
taunt Sandile
taunt Krokorok
taunt Krookodile
taunt Darumaka
taunt Darumaka
taunt Darmanitan
taunt Darmanitan
taunt Scraggy
taunt Scrafty
taunt Archen
taunt Archeops
taunt Zorua
taunt Zoroark
taunt Gothita
taunt Gothorita
taunt Gothitelle
taunt Vanillite
taunt Vanillish
taunt Vanilluxe
taunt Emolga
taunt Escavalier
taunt Frillish
taunt Jellicent
taunt Litwick
taunt Lampent
taunt Chandelure
taunt Axew
taunt Fraxure
taunt Haxorus
taunt Beartic
taunt Mienfoo
taunt Mienshao
taunt Druddigon
taunt Pawniard
taunt Bisharp
taunt Bouffalant
taunt Vullaby
taunt Mandibuzz
taunt Heatmor
taunt Deino
taunt Zweilous
taunt Hydreigon
taunt Cobalion
taunt Terrakion
taunt Virizion
taunt Tornadus
taunt Tornadus
taunt Thundurus
taunt Thundurus
taunt Keldeo
taunt Fletchling
taunt Fletchinder
taunt Talonflame
taunt Pancham
taunt Pangoro
taunt Inkay
taunt Malamar
taunt Binacle
taunt Barbaracle
taunt Hawlucha
taunt Noibat
taunt Noivern
taunt Yveltal
taunt Litten
taunt Torracat
taunt Incineroar
taunt Rockruff
taunt Lycanroc
taunt Lycanroc
taunt Lycanroc
taunt Salandit
taunt Salazzle
taunt Stufful
taunt Bewear
taunt Tsareena
taunt Comfey
taunt Oranguru
taunt Passimian
taunt Wimpod
taunt Golisopod
taunt Pyukumuku
taunt Turtonator
taunt Mimikyu
taunt Jangmo-o
taunt Hakamo-o
taunt Kommo-o
taunt Tapu Koko
taunt Tapu Lele
taunt Tapu Bulu
taunt Tapu Fini
taunt Buzzwole
taunt Pheromosa
taunt Blacephalon
taunt Zeraora
taunt Grookey
taunt Thwackey
taunt Rillaboom
taunt Scorbunny
taunt Raboot
taunt Cinderace
taunt Rookidee
taunt Corvisquire
taunt Corviknight
taunt Nickit
taunt Thievul
taunt Toxtricity
taunt Toxtricity
taunt Clobbopus
taunt Grapploct
taunt Impidimp
taunt Morgrem
taunt Grimmsnarl
taunt Obstagoon
taunt Perrserker
taunt Mr. Rime
taunt Runerigus
taunt Morpeko
taunt Copperajah
taunt Dracozolt
taunt Arctozolt
taunt Urshifu
taunt Urshifu
taunt Zarude
taunt Glastrier
taunt Spectrier
taunt Calyrex
taunt Calyrex
tearful-look Sudowoodo
tearful-look Bonsly
tearful-look Goodra
tearful-look Wishiwashi
tearful-look Sobble
tearful-look Drizzile
tearful-look Inteleon
tearful-look Toxel
tearful-look Toxtricity
tearful-look Toxtricity
tearful-look Dedenne
teatime Polteageist
techno-blast Genesect
teeter-dance Mr. Mime
teeter-dance Mr. Mime
teeter-dance Lombre
teeter-dance Ludicolo
teeter-dance Mime Jr.
teeter-dance Lilligant
teeter-dance Bounsweet
teeter-dance Steenee
teeter-dance Tsareena
teeter-dance Mr. Rime
teeter-dance Oddish
teeter-dance Gloom
teeter-dance Vileplume
teeter-dance Bellossom
teeter-dance Lotad
teeter-dance Lombre
teeter-dance Ludicolo
teeter-dance Buneary
teeter-dance Lopunny
telekinesis Kadabra
telekinesis Alakazam
telekinesis Latios
telekinesis Munna
telekinesis Gothita
telekinesis Gothorita
telekinesis Gothitelle
telekinesis Raichu
telekinesis Clefairy
telekinesis Clefable
telekinesis Jigglypuff
telekinesis Wigglytuff
telekinesis Psyduck
telekinesis Golduck
telekinesis Abra
telekinesis Kadabra
telekinesis Alakazam
telekinesis Slowpoke
telekinesis Slowbro
telekinesis Gastly
telekinesis Haunter
telekinesis Gengar
telekinesis Drowzee
telekinesis Hypno
telekinesis Electrode
telekinesis Exeggcute
telekinesis Exeggutor
telekinesis Exeggutor
telekinesis Chansey
telekinesis Starmie
telekinesis Mr. Mime
telekinesis Jynx
telekinesis Porygon
telekinesis Mewtwo
telekinesis Mew
telekinesis Cleffa
telekinesis Togepi
telekinesis Togetic
telekinesis Natu
telekinesis Xatu
telekinesis Espeon
telekinesis Slowking
telekinesis Misdreavus
telekinesis Girafarig
telekinesis Forretress
telekinesis Porygon2
telekinesis Blissey
telekinesis Lugia
telekinesis Celebi
telekinesis Ralts
telekinesis Kirlia
telekinesis Gardevoir
telekinesis Shedinja
telekinesis Sableye
telekinesis Meditite
telekinesis Medicham
telekinesis Spoink
telekinesis Grumpig
telekinesis Lunatone
telekinesis Solrock
telekinesis Baltoy
telekinesis Claydol
telekinesis Shuppet
telekinesis Banette
telekinesis Duskull
telekinesis Dusclops
telekinesis Chimecho
telekinesis Metang
telekinesis Metagross
telekinesis Latias
telekinesis Latios
telekinesis Jirachi
telekinesis Deoxys
telekinesis Deoxys
telekinesis Deoxys
telekinesis Deoxys
telekinesis Wormadam
telekinesis Wormadam
telekinesis Wormadam
telekinesis Drifloon
telekinesis Drifblim
telekinesis Mismagius
telekinesis Chingling
telekinesis Bronzor
telekinesis Bronzong
telekinesis Mime Jr.
telekinesis Spiritomb
telekinesis Togekiss
telekinesis Porygon-Z
telekinesis Gallade
telekinesis Probopass
telekinesis Dusknoir
telekinesis Froslass
telekinesis Rotom
telekinesis Rotom
telekinesis Rotom
telekinesis Rotom
telekinesis Rotom
telekinesis Rotom
telekinesis Uxie
telekinesis Mesprit
telekinesis Azelf
telekinesis Giratina
telekinesis Giratina
telekinesis Cresselia
telekinesis Arceus
telekinesis Victini
telekinesis Munna
telekinesis Musharna
telekinesis Woobat
telekinesis Swoobat
telekinesis Audino
telekinesis Sigilyph
telekinesis Yamask
telekinesis Cofagrigus
telekinesis Gothita
telekinesis Gothorita
telekinesis Gothitelle
telekinesis Solosis
telekinesis Duosion
telekinesis Reuniclus
telekinesis Klink
telekinesis Klang
telekinesis Klinklang
telekinesis Elgyem
telekinesis Beheeyem
telekinesis Litwick
telekinesis Lampent
telekinesis Chandelure
telekinesis Golett
telekinesis Golurk
telekinesis Meloetta
telekinesis Genesect
telekinesis Braixen
telekinesis Delphox
telekinesis Espurr
telekinesis Meowstic
telekinesis Meowstic
telekinesis Spritzee
telekinesis Aromatisse
telekinesis Inkay
telekinesis Malamar
telekinesis Sylveon
telekinesis Carbink
telekinesis Phantump
telekinesis Trevenant
telekinesis Pumpkaboo
telekinesis Gourgeist
telekinesis Diancie
telekinesis Hoopa
telekinesis Hoopa
telekinesis Cutiefly
telekinesis Ribombee
telekinesis Comfey
telekinesis Oranguru
telekinesis Minior
telekinesis Mimikyu
telekinesis Bruxish
telekinesis Dhelmise
telekinesis Tapu Koko
telekinesis Tapu Lele
telekinesis Tapu Bulu
telekinesis Tapu Fini
telekinesis Lunala
telekinesis Nihilego
telekinesis Necrozma
telekinesis Stakataka
teleport Abra
teleport Kadabra
teleport Alakazam
teleport Natu
teleport Xatu
teleport Ralts
teleport Kirlia
teleport Gardevoir
teleport Claydol
teleport Gallade
teleport Elgyem
teleport Beheeyem
teleport Cosmog
teleport Cosmoem
teleport Solgaleo
teleport Lunala
terrain-pulse Venusaur
terrain-pulse Blastoise
terrain-pulse Exeggutor
terrain-pulse Exeggutor
terrain-pulse Lickitung
terrain-pulse Kangaskhan
terrain-pulse Snorlax
terrain-pulse Mew
terrain-pulse Dunsparce
terrain-pulse Exploud
terrain-pulse Lucario
terrain-pulse Lickilicky
terrain-pulse Regigigas
terrain-pulse Stunfisk
terrain-pulse Clauncher
terrain-pulse Clawitzer
terrain-pulse Carbink
terrain-pulse Xerneas
terrain-pulse Diancie
terrain-pulse Oranguru
terrain-pulse Palossand
terrain-pulse Type: Null
terrain-pulse Silvally
terrain-pulse Indeedee
terrain-pulse Indeedee
thief Thievul
thief Butterfree
thief Pikachu
thief Raichu
thief Raichu
thief Sandshrew
thief Sandshrew
thief Sandslash
thief Sandslash
thief Nidoran♀
thief Nidorina
thief Nidoqueen
thief Nidoran♂
thief Nidorino
thief Nidoking
thief Zubat
thief Golbat
thief Diglett
thief Diglett
thief Dugtrio
thief Dugtrio
thief Meowth
thief Meowth
thief Meowth
thief Persian
thief Persian
thief Growlithe
thief Arcanine
thief Poliwag
thief Poliwhirl
thief Poliwrath
thief Abra
thief Kadabra
thief Alakazam
thief Machop
thief Machoke
thief Machamp
thief Tentacool
thief Tentacruel
thief Farfetch'd
thief Gastly
thief Haunter
thief Gengar
thief Krabby
thief Kingler
thief Exeggcute
thief Exeggutor
thief Exeggutor
thief Cubone
thief Marowak
thief Marowak
thief Hitmonlee
thief Hitmonchan
thief Lickitung
thief Koffing
thief Weezing
thief Weezing
thief Rhyhorn
thief Rhydon
thief Tangela
thief Kangaskhan
thief Mr. Mime
thief Mr. Mime
thief Scyther
thief Jynx
thief Electabuzz
thief Magmar
thief Pinsir
thief Porygon
thief Omanyte
thief Omastar
thief Kabuto
thief Kabutops
thief Aerodactyl
thief Mew
thief Hoothoot
thief Noctowl
thief Crobat
thief Natu
thief Xatu
thief Sudowoodo
thief Politoed
thief Quagsire
thief Umbreon
thief Dunsparce
thief Scizor
thief Heracross
thief Sneasel
thief Remoraid
thief Octillery
thief Delibird
thief Skarmory
thief Porygon2
thief Tyrogue
thief Hitmontop
thief Smoochum
thief Elekid
thief Magby
thief Zigzagoon
thief Zigzagoon
thief Linoone
thief Linoone
thief Lotad
thief Lombre
thief Ludicolo
thief Nuzleaf
thief Shiftry
thief Wingull
thief Pelipper
thief Ralts
thief Kirlia
thief Gardevoir
thief Ninjask
thief Shedinja
thief Sableye
thief Electrike
thief Manectric
thief Carvanha
thief Sharpedo
thief Swablu
thief Altaria
thief Duskull
thief Dusclops
thief Absol
thief Shinx
thief Luxio
thief Luxray
thief Vespiquen
thief Drifloon
thief Drifblim
thief Stunky
thief Skuntank
thief Bonsly
thief Mime Jr.
thief Spiritomb
thief Skorupi
thief Drapion
thief Croagunk
thief Toxicroak
thief Weavile
thief Lickilicky
thief Rhyperior
thief Tangrowth
thief Electivire
thief Magmortar
thief Porygon-Z
thief Gallade
thief Dusknoir
thief Rotom
thief Rotom
thief Rotom
thief Rotom
thief Rotom
thief Rotom
thief Purrloin
thief Liepard
thief Woobat
thief Swoobat
thief Whimsicott
thief Sandile
thief Krokorok
thief Krookodile
thief Darumaka
thief Darumaka
thief Darmanitan
thief Darmanitan
thief Scraggy
thief Scrafty
thief Sigilyph
thief Yamask
thief Yamask
thief Cofagrigus
thief Trubbish
thief Garbodor
thief Zorua
thief Zoroark
thief Minccino
thief Cinccino
thief Gothita
thief Gothorita
thief Gothitelle
thief Joltik
thief Galvantula
thief Elgyem
thief Beheeyem
thief Litwick
thief Lampent
thief Chandelure
thief Golett
thief Golurk
thief Pawniard
thief Bisharp
thief Vullaby
thief Mandibuzz
thief Heatmor
thief Deino
thief Zweilous
thief Hydreigon
thief Tornadus
thief Tornadus
thief Thundurus
thief Thundurus
thief Bunnelby
thief Diggersby
thief Fletchling
thief Fletchinder
thief Talonflame
thief Pangoro
thief Swirlix
thief Slurpuff
thief Inkay
thief Malamar
thief Binacle
thief Barbaracle
thief Dedenne
thief Klefki
thief Phantump
thief Trevenant
thief Pumpkaboo
thief Gourgeist
thief Noibat
thief Noivern
thief Yveltal
thief Cutiefly
thief Ribombee
thief Salandit
thief Salazzle
thief Comfey
thief Passimian
thief Togedemaru
thief Mimikyu
thief Dhelmise
thief Tapu Koko
thief Tapu Lele
thief Guzzlord
thief Necrozma
thief Marshadow
thief Naganadel
thief Blacephalon
thief Skwovet
thief Greedent
thief Rookidee
thief Corvisquire
thief Corviknight
thief Nickit
thief Thievul
thief Cramorant
thief Impidimp
thief Morgrem
thief Grimmsnarl
thief Obstagoon
thief Perrserker
thief Mr. Rime
thief Runerigus
thief Morpeko
thief Drakloak
thief Dragapult
thief Zarude
thousand-arrows Zygarde
thousand-waves Zygarde
thrash Meowth
thrash Cubone
thrash Marowak
thrash Marowak
thrash Tauros
thrash Gyarados
thrash Heracross
thrash Piloswine
thrash Larvitar
thrash Pupitar
thrash Tyranitar
thrash Whiscash
thrash Mamoswine
thrash Basculin
thrash Sandile
thrash Krokorok
thrash Krookodile
thrash Darumaka
thrash Darumaka
thrash Darmanitan
thrash Darmanitan
thrash Archen
thrash Archeops
thrash Cubchoo
thrash Beartic
thrash Rufflet
thrash Braviary
thrash Tornadus
thrash Tornadus
thrash Thundurus
thrash Thundurus
thrash Tyrunt
thrash Tyrantrum
thrash Litten
thrash Torracat
thrash Incineroar
thrash Stufful
thrash Bewear
thrash Passimian
thrash Guzzlord
thrash Cramorant
thrash Perrserker
thrash Morpeko
thrash Zarude
thrash Regieleki
thrash Regidrago
thrash Glastrier
thrash Spectrier
thrash Calyrex
thrash Calyrex
thrash Nidoran♂
thrash Diglett
thrash Dugtrio
thrash Growlithe
thrash Arcanine
thrash Ponyta
thrash Ponyta
thrash Rapidash
thrash Rapidash
thrash Lickitung
thrash Pinsir
thrash Carvanha
thrash Sharpedo
thrash Wailmer
thrash Wailord
thrash Barboach
thrash Whiscash
thrash Bagon
thrash Gible
thrash Lickilicky
thrash Larvesta
thrash Volcarona
thrash Rockruff
thrash Lycanroc
thrash Lycanroc
thrash Arrokuda
thrash Barraskewda
throat-chop Heracross
throat-chop Bouffalant
throat-chop Incineroar
throat-chop Barraskewda
throat-chop Sandshrew
throat-chop Sandshrew
throat-chop Sandslash
throat-chop Sandslash
throat-chop Nidoqueen
throat-chop Nidoking
throat-chop Meowth
throat-chop Meowth
throat-chop Meowth
throat-chop Persian
throat-chop Persian
throat-chop Poliwrath
throat-chop Machamp
throat-chop Rapidash
throat-chop Rapidash
throat-chop Farfetch'd
throat-chop Farfetch'd
throat-chop Marowak
throat-chop Marowak
throat-chop Hitmonlee
throat-chop Hitmonchan
throat-chop Goldeen
throat-chop Seaking
throat-chop Pinsir
throat-chop Tauros
throat-chop Zapdos
throat-chop Mew
throat-chop Umbreon
throat-chop Qwilfish
throat-chop Heracross
throat-chop Sneasel
throat-chop Corsola
throat-chop Corsola
throat-chop Raikou
throat-chop Sceptile
throat-chop Linoone
throat-chop Linoone
throat-chop Shiftry
throat-chop Vibrava
throat-chop Flygon
throat-chop Absol
throat-chop Luxray
throat-chop Stunky
throat-chop Skuntank
throat-chop Drapion
throat-chop Toxicroak
throat-chop Weavile
throat-chop Gallade
throat-chop Liepard
throat-chop Gigalith
throat-chop Audino
throat-chop Sawk
throat-chop Scolipede
throat-chop Krookodile
throat-chop Maractus
throat-chop Scrafty
throat-chop Zoroark
throat-chop Galvantula
throat-chop Beartic
throat-chop Bisharp
throat-chop Bouffalant
throat-chop Heatmor
throat-chop Hydreigon
throat-chop Pangoro
throat-chop Malamar
throat-chop Hawlucha
throat-chop Incineroar
throat-chop Lycanroc
throat-chop Golisopod
throat-chop Pheromosa
throat-chop Marshadow
throat-chop Naganadel
throat-chop Zeraora
throat-chop Drednaw
throat-chop Cramorant
throat-chop Arrokuda
throat-chop Barraskewda
throat-chop Toxtricity
throat-chop Toxtricity
throat-chop Morgrem
throat-chop Grimmsnarl
throat-chop Obstagoon
throat-chop Perrserker
throat-chop Cursola
throat-chop Sirfetch'd
throat-chop Falinks
throat-chop Pincurchin
throat-chop Urshifu
throat-chop Zarude
throat-chop Glastrier
throat-chop Calyrex
thunder Pikachu
thunder Raichu
thunder Raichu
thunder Electabuzz
thunder Jolteon
thunder Zapdos
thunder Elekid
thunder Raikou
thunder Electrike
thunder Manectric
thunder Electivire
thunder Thundurus
thunder Thundurus
thunder Zekrom
thunder Helioptile
thunder Heliolisk
thunder Dedenne
thunder Pikachu
thunder Raichu
thunder Raichu
thunder Nidoran♀
thunder Nidorina
thunder Nidoqueen
thunder Nidoran♂
thunder Nidorino
thunder Nidoking
thunder Clefairy
thunder Clefable
thunder Jigglypuff
thunder Wigglytuff
thunder Meowth
thunder Meowth
thunder Meowth
thunder Persian
thunder Persian
thunder Magnemite
thunder Magneton
thunder Gengar
thunder Marowak
thunder Lickitung
thunder Koffing
thunder Weezing
thunder Weezing
thunder Rhyhorn
thunder Rhydon
thunder Chansey
thunder Kangaskhan
thunder Staryu
thunder Starmie
thunder Mr. Mime
thunder Mr. Mime
thunder Electabuzz
thunder Tauros
thunder Gyarados
thunder Lapras
thunder Jolteon
thunder Porygon
thunder Snorlax
thunder Zapdos
thunder Dratini
thunder Dragonair
thunder Dragonite
thunder Mewtwo
thunder Mew
thunder Chinchou
thunder Lanturn
thunder Pichu
thunder Dunsparce
thunder Porygon2
thunder Elekid
thunder Miltank
thunder Blissey
thunder Raikou
thunder Tyranitar
thunder Lugia
thunder Ho-oh
thunder Zigzagoon
thunder Zigzagoon
thunder Linoone
thunder Linoone
thunder Aggron
thunder Electrike
thunder Manectric
thunder Absol
thunder Regirock
thunder Regice
thunder Registeel
thunder Latias
thunder Latios
thunder Kyogre
thunder Groudon
thunder Rayquaza
thunder Jirachi
thunder Shinx
thunder Luxio
thunder Luxray
thunder Drifloon
thunder Drifblim
thunder Lopunny
thunder Mime Jr.
thunder Munchlax
thunder Magnezone
thunder Lickilicky
thunder Rhyperior
thunder Electivire
thunder Porygon-Z
thunder Froslass
thunder Rotom
thunder Rotom
thunder Rotom
thunder Rotom
thunder Rotom
thunder Rotom
thunder Uxie
thunder Mesprit
thunder Azelf
thunder Dialga
thunder Palkia
thunder Regigigas
thunder Giratina
thunder Giratina
thunder Victini
thunder Stoutland
thunder Audino
thunder Cinccino
thunder Solosis
thunder Duosion
thunder Reuniclus
thunder Emolga
thunder Galvantula
thunder Ferrothorn
thunder Klinklang
thunder Stunfisk
thunder Thundurus
thunder Thundurus
thunder Zekrom
thunder Genesect
thunder Aromatisse
thunder Slurpuff
thunder Dragalge
thunder Helioptile
thunder Heliolisk
thunder Aurorus
thunder Dedenne
thunder Goodra
thunder Xerneas
thunder Vikavolt
thunder Oranguru
thunder Togedemaru
thunder Mimikyu
thunder Drampa
thunder Tapu Koko
thunder Tapu Lele
thunder Solgaleo
thunder Lunala
thunder Nihilego
thunder Xurkitree
thunder Zeraora
thunder Melmetal
thunder Yamper
thunder Boltund
thunder Toxtricity
thunder Toxtricity
thunder Obstagoon
thunder Perrserker
thunder Mr. Rime
thunder Pincurchin
thunder Morpeko
thunder Dracozolt
thunder Arctozolt
thunder Duraludon
thunder Drakloak
thunder Dragapult
thunder Regieleki
thunder-cage Regieleki
thunder-fang Jolteon
thunder-fang Steelix
thunder-fang Raikou
thunder-fang Tyranitar
thunder-fang Exploud
thunder-fang Electrike
thunder-fang Manectric
thunder-fang Hippowdon
thunder-fang Drapion
thunder-fang Stoutland
thunder-fang Zekrom
thunder-fang Silvally
thunder-fang Arcanine
thunder-fang Rhyhorn
thunder-fang Rhydon
thunder-fang Jolteon
thunder-fang Aerodactyl
thunder-fang Mew
thunder-fang Steelix
thunder-fang Raikou
thunder-fang Tyranitar
thunder-fang Exploud
thunder-fang Mawile
thunder-fang Electrike
thunder-fang Manectric
thunder-fang Salamence
thunder-fang Shinx
thunder-fang Luxio
thunder-fang Luxray
thunder-fang Hippowdon
thunder-fang Drapion
thunder-fang Rhyperior
thunder-fang Lillipup
thunder-fang Herdier
thunder-fang Stoutland
thunder-fang Sandile
thunder-fang Krokorok
thunder-fang Krookodile
thunder-fang Druddigon
thunder-fang Durant
thunder-fang Deino
thunder-fang Zweilous
thunder-fang Hydreigon
thunder-fang Zekrom
thunder-fang Tyrunt
thunder-fang Tyrantrum
thunder-fang Volcanion
thunder-fang Rockruff
thunder-fang Lycanroc
thunder-fang Lycanroc
thunder-fang Lycanroc
thunder-fang Silvally
thunder-fang Greedent
thunder-fang Thievul
thunder-fang Yamper
thunder-fang Boltund
thunder-fang Centiskorch
thunder-fang Morpeko
thunder-fang Dracozolt
thunder-fang Arctozolt
thunder-fang Zacian
thunder-fang Zamazenta
thunder-fang Regidrago
thunder-punch Raichu
thunder-punch Hitmonchan
thunder-punch Electabuzz
thunder-punch Dragonite
thunder-punch Elekid
thunder-punch Dusclops
thunder-punch Electivire
thunder-punch Dusknoir
thunder-punch Xurkitree
thunder-punch Marshadow
thunder-punch Zeraora
thunder-punch Melmetal
thunder-punch Charmander
thunder-punch Charmeleon
thunder-punch Charizard
thunder-punch Pikachu
thunder-punch Raichu
thunder-punch Raichu
thunder-punch Nidoqueen
thunder-punch Nidoking
thunder-punch Clefairy
thunder-punch Clefable
thunder-punch Jigglypuff
thunder-punch Wigglytuff
thunder-punch Abra
thunder-punch Kadabra
thunder-punch Alakazam
thunder-punch Machop
thunder-punch Machoke
thunder-punch Machamp
thunder-punch Gastly
thunder-punch Haunter
thunder-punch Gengar
thunder-punch Cubone
thunder-punch Marowak
thunder-punch Marowak
thunder-punch Hitmonchan
thunder-punch Lickitung
thunder-punch Rhydon
thunder-punch Chansey
thunder-punch Kangaskhan
thunder-punch Mr. Mime
thunder-punch Electabuzz
thunder-punch Magmar
thunder-punch Snorlax
thunder-punch Dragonite
thunder-punch Mewtwo
thunder-punch Mew
thunder-punch Pichu
thunder-punch Sudowoodo
thunder-punch Elekid
thunder-punch Magby
thunder-punch Miltank
thunder-punch Blissey
thunder-punch Tyranitar
thunder-punch Treecko
thunder-punch Grovyle
thunder-punch Sceptile
thunder-punch Combusken
thunder-punch Blaziken
thunder-punch Lombre
thunder-punch Ludicolo
thunder-punch Ralts
thunder-punch Kirlia
thunder-punch Gardevoir
thunder-punch Whismur
thunder-punch Loudred
thunder-punch Exploud
thunder-punch Sableye
thunder-punch Mawile
thunder-punch Aggron
thunder-punch Flygon
thunder-punch Dusclops
thunder-punch Metang
thunder-punch Metagross
thunder-punch Regirock
thunder-punch Regice
thunder-punch Registeel
thunder-punch Groudon
thunder-punch Jirachi
thunder-punch Buneary
thunder-punch Lopunny
thunder-punch Munchlax
thunder-punch Riolu
thunder-punch Lucario
thunder-punch Croagunk
thunder-punch Toxicroak
thunder-punch Lickilicky
thunder-punch Rhyperior
thunder-punch Electivire
thunder-punch Magmortar
thunder-punch Gallade
thunder-punch Dusknoir
thunder-punch Uxie
thunder-punch Mesprit
thunder-punch Azelf
thunder-punch Regigigas
thunder-punch Victini
thunder-punch Audino
thunder-punch Timburr
thunder-punch Gurdurr
thunder-punch Conkeldurr
thunder-punch Throh
thunder-punch Sawk
thunder-punch Scraggy
thunder-punch Scrafty
thunder-punch Reuniclus
thunder-punch Druddigon
thunder-punch Golett
thunder-punch Golurk
thunder-punch Heatmor
thunder-punch Thundurus
thunder-punch Thundurus
thunder-punch Zekrom
thunder-punch Diggersby
thunder-punch Pancham
thunder-punch Pangoro
thunder-punch Heliolisk
thunder-punch Hawlucha
thunder-punch Dedenne
thunder-punch Goodra
thunder-punch Incineroar
thunder-punch Lycanroc
thunder-punch Stufful
thunder-punch Bewear
thunder-punch Kommo-o
thunder-punch Tapu Koko
thunder-punch Buzzwole
thunder-punch Xurkitree
thunder-punch Marshadow
thunder-punch Zeraora
thunder-punch Melmetal
thunder-punch Toxtricity
thunder-punch Toxtricity
thunder-punch Grimmsnarl
thunder-punch Obstagoon
thunder-punch Morpeko
thunder-punch Dracozolt
thunder-punch Arctozolt
thunder-punch Kubfu
thunder-punch Urshifu
thunder-punch Urshifu
thunder-shock Pikachu
thunder-shock Raichu
thunder-shock Raichu
thunder-shock Magnemite
thunder-shock Magneton
thunder-shock Electabuzz
thunder-shock Jolteon
thunder-shock Porygon
thunder-shock Zapdos
thunder-shock Pichu
thunder-shock Porygon2
thunder-shock Elekid
thunder-shock Raikou
thunder-shock Shinx
thunder-shock Luxio
thunder-shock Luxray
thunder-shock Magnezone
thunder-shock Electivire
thunder-shock Porygon-Z
thunder-shock Rotom
thunder-shock Rotom
thunder-shock Rotom
thunder-shock Rotom
thunder-shock Rotom
thunder-shock Rotom
thunder-shock Emolga
thunder-shock Klink
thunder-shock Klang
thunder-shock Klinklang
thunder-shock Stunfisk
thunder-shock Thundurus
thunder-shock Thundurus
thunder-shock Helioptile
thunder-shock Heliolisk
thunder-shock Dedenne
thunder-shock Togedemaru
thunder-shock Tapu Koko
thunder-shock Xurkitree
thunder-shock Meltan
thunder-shock Melmetal
thunder-shock Toxtricity
thunder-shock Toxtricity
thunder-shock Pincurchin
thunder-shock Morpeko
thunder-shock Dracozolt
thunder-shock Arctozolt
thunder-shock Regieleki
thunder-wave Pikachu
thunder-wave Raichu
thunder-wave Raichu
thunder-wave Magnemite
thunder-wave Magneton
thunder-wave Electabuzz
thunder-wave Jolteon
thunder-wave Zapdos
thunder-wave Dratini
thunder-wave Dragonair
thunder-wave Dragonite
thunder-wave Chinchou
thunder-wave Lanturn
thunder-wave Elekid
thunder-wave Electrike
thunder-wave Manectric
thunder-wave Shinx
thunder-wave Luxio
thunder-wave Luxray
thunder-wave Magnezone
thunder-wave Electivire
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Joltik
thunder-wave Galvantula
thunder-wave Helioptile
thunder-wave Heliolisk
thunder-wave Amaura
thunder-wave Aurorus
thunder-wave Xurkitree
thunder-wave Meltan
thunder-wave Melmetal
thunder-wave Regieleki
thunder-wave Pikachu
thunder-wave Raichu
thunder-wave Raichu
thunder-wave Clefairy
thunder-wave Clefable
thunder-wave Jigglypuff
thunder-wave Wigglytuff
thunder-wave Abra
thunder-wave Kadabra
thunder-wave Alakazam
thunder-wave Slowpoke
thunder-wave Slowpoke
thunder-wave Slowbro
thunder-wave Slowbro
thunder-wave Magnemite
thunder-wave Magneton
thunder-wave Chansey
thunder-wave Staryu
thunder-wave Starmie
thunder-wave Mr. Mime
thunder-wave Mr. Mime
thunder-wave Electabuzz
thunder-wave Gyarados
thunder-wave Jolteon
thunder-wave Porygon
thunder-wave Zapdos
thunder-wave Dratini
thunder-wave Dragonair
thunder-wave Dragonite
thunder-wave Mewtwo
thunder-wave Mew
thunder-wave Chinchou
thunder-wave Lanturn
thunder-wave Pichu
thunder-wave Cleffa
thunder-wave Igglybuff
thunder-wave Togepi
thunder-wave Togetic
thunder-wave Natu
thunder-wave Xatu
thunder-wave Slowking
thunder-wave Slowking
thunder-wave Dunsparce
thunder-wave Qwilfish
thunder-wave Remoraid
thunder-wave Octillery
thunder-wave Porygon2
thunder-wave Elekid
thunder-wave Miltank
thunder-wave Blissey
thunder-wave Raikou
thunder-wave Tyranitar
thunder-wave Lugia
thunder-wave Ho-oh
thunder-wave Celebi
thunder-wave Zigzagoon
thunder-wave Zigzagoon
thunder-wave Linoone
thunder-wave Linoone
thunder-wave Ralts
thunder-wave Kirlia
thunder-wave Gardevoir
thunder-wave Aggron
thunder-wave Electrike
thunder-wave Manectric
thunder-wave Absol
thunder-wave Regirock
thunder-wave Regice
thunder-wave Registeel
thunder-wave Latias
thunder-wave Latios
thunder-wave Kyogre
thunder-wave Groudon
thunder-wave Rayquaza
thunder-wave Jirachi
thunder-wave Shinx
thunder-wave Luxio
thunder-wave Luxray
thunder-wave Drifloon
thunder-wave Drifblim
thunder-wave Buneary
thunder-wave Lopunny
thunder-wave Mime Jr.
thunder-wave Happiny
thunder-wave Magnezone
thunder-wave Electivire
thunder-wave Togekiss
thunder-wave Porygon-Z
thunder-wave Gallade
thunder-wave Froslass
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Rotom
thunder-wave Uxie
thunder-wave Mesprit
thunder-wave Azelf
thunder-wave Dialga
thunder-wave Palkia
thunder-wave Regigigas
thunder-wave Giratina
thunder-wave Giratina
thunder-wave Cresselia
thunder-wave Victini
thunder-wave Lillipup
thunder-wave Herdier
thunder-wave Stoutland
thunder-wave Purrloin
thunder-wave Liepard
thunder-wave Munna
thunder-wave Musharna
thunder-wave Woobat
thunder-wave Swoobat
thunder-wave Audino
thunder-wave Sigilyph
thunder-wave Minccino
thunder-wave Cinccino
thunder-wave Gothita
thunder-wave Gothorita
thunder-wave Gothitelle
thunder-wave Solosis
thunder-wave Duosion
thunder-wave Reuniclus
thunder-wave Emolga
thunder-wave Joltik
thunder-wave Galvantula
thunder-wave Ferroseed
thunder-wave Ferrothorn
thunder-wave Klink
thunder-wave Klang
thunder-wave Klinklang
thunder-wave Elgyem
thunder-wave Beheeyem
thunder-wave Stunfisk
thunder-wave Stunfisk
thunder-wave Pawniard
thunder-wave Bisharp
thunder-wave Durant
thunder-wave Deino
thunder-wave Zweilous
thunder-wave Hydreigon
thunder-wave Cobalion
thunder-wave Thundurus
thunder-wave Thundurus
thunder-wave Zekrom
thunder-wave Genesect
thunder-wave Espurr
thunder-wave Meowstic
thunder-wave Meowstic
thunder-wave Helioptile
thunder-wave Heliolisk
thunder-wave Amaura
thunder-wave Aurorus
thunder-wave Dedenne
thunder-wave Klefki
thunder-wave Xerneas
thunder-wave Grubbin
thunder-wave Charjabug
thunder-wave Vikavolt
thunder-wave Morelull
thunder-wave Shiinotic
thunder-wave Salandit
thunder-wave Salazzle
thunder-wave Type: Null
thunder-wave Silvally
thunder-wave Togedemaru
thunder-wave Mimikyu
thunder-wave Drampa
thunder-wave Tapu Koko
thunder-wave Solgaleo
thunder-wave Lunala
thunder-wave Nihilego
thunder-wave Xurkitree
thunder-wave Necrozma
thunder-wave Magearna
thunder-wave Zeraora
thunder-wave Meltan
thunder-wave Melmetal
thunder-wave Wooloo
thunder-wave Dubwool
thunder-wave Yamper
thunder-wave Boltund
thunder-wave Toxtricity
thunder-wave Toxtricity
thunder-wave Hatenna
thunder-wave Hattrem
thunder-wave Hatterene
thunder-wave Impidimp
thunder-wave Morgrem
thunder-wave Grimmsnarl
thunder-wave Obstagoon
thunder-wave Mr. Rime
thunder-wave Pincurchin
thunder-wave Morpeko
thunder-wave Dracozolt
thunder-wave Arctozolt
thunder-wave Duraludon
thunder-wave Dreepy
thunder-wave Drakloak
thunder-wave Dragapult
thunder-wave Regieleki
thunderbolt Pikachu
thunderbolt Raichu
thunderbolt Raichu
thunderbolt Electabuzz
thunderbolt Elekid
thunderbolt Electivire
thunderbolt Zekrom
thunderbolt Helioptile
thunderbolt Heliolisk
thunderbolt Vikavolt
thunderbolt Xurkitree
thunderbolt Regieleki
thunderbolt Pikachu
thunderbolt Raichu
thunderbolt Raichu
thunderbolt Nidoran♀
thunderbolt Nidorina
thunderbolt Nidoqueen
thunderbolt Nidoran♂
thunderbolt Nidorino
thunderbolt Nidoking
thunderbolt Clefairy
thunderbolt Clefable
thunderbolt Jigglypuff
thunderbolt Wigglytuff
thunderbolt Meowth
thunderbolt Meowth
thunderbolt Meowth
thunderbolt Persian
thunderbolt Persian
thunderbolt Magnemite
thunderbolt Magneton
thunderbolt Gastly
thunderbolt Haunter
thunderbolt Gengar
thunderbolt Marowak
thunderbolt Lickitung
thunderbolt Koffing
thunderbolt Weezing
thunderbolt Weezing
thunderbolt Rhyhorn
thunderbolt Rhydon
thunderbolt Chansey
thunderbolt Kangaskhan
thunderbolt Staryu
thunderbolt Starmie
thunderbolt Mr. Mime
thunderbolt Mr. Mime
thunderbolt Electabuzz
thunderbolt Tauros
thunderbolt Gyarados
thunderbolt Lapras
thunderbolt Jolteon
thunderbolt Porygon
thunderbolt Snorlax
thunderbolt Zapdos
thunderbolt Dratini
thunderbolt Dragonair
thunderbolt Dragonite
thunderbolt Mewtwo
thunderbolt Mew
thunderbolt Chinchou
thunderbolt Lanturn
thunderbolt Pichu
thunderbolt Dunsparce
thunderbolt Porygon2
thunderbolt Elekid
thunderbolt Miltank
thunderbolt Blissey
thunderbolt Raikou
thunderbolt Tyranitar
thunderbolt Lugia
thunderbolt Ho-oh
thunderbolt Zigzagoon
thunderbolt Zigzagoon
thunderbolt Linoone
thunderbolt Linoone
thunderbolt Ralts
thunderbolt Kirlia
thunderbolt Gardevoir
thunderbolt Aggron
thunderbolt Electrike
thunderbolt Manectric
thunderbolt Absol
thunderbolt Regirock
thunderbolt Regice
thunderbolt Registeel
thunderbolt Latias
thunderbolt Latios
thunderbolt Kyogre
thunderbolt Groudon
thunderbolt Rayquaza
thunderbolt Jirachi
thunderbolt Shinx
thunderbolt Luxio
thunderbolt Luxray
thunderbolt Drifloon
thunderbolt Drifblim
thunderbolt Buneary
thunderbolt Lopunny
thunderbolt Mime Jr.
thunderbolt Munchlax
thunderbolt Magnezone
thunderbolt Lickilicky
thunderbolt Rhyperior
thunderbolt Electivire
thunderbolt Magmortar
thunderbolt Porygon-Z
thunderbolt Gallade
thunderbolt Froslass
thunderbolt Rotom
thunderbolt Rotom
thunderbolt Rotom
thunderbolt Rotom
thunderbolt Rotom
thunderbolt Rotom
thunderbolt Uxie
thunderbolt Mesprit
thunderbolt Azelf
thunderbolt Dialga
thunderbolt Palkia
thunderbolt Regigigas
thunderbolt Giratina
thunderbolt Giratina
thunderbolt Victini
thunderbolt Lillipup
thunderbolt Herdier
thunderbolt Stoutland
thunderbolt Audino
thunderbolt Garbodor
thunderbolt Minccino
thunderbolt Cinccino
thunderbolt Gothita
thunderbolt Gothorita
thunderbolt Gothitelle
thunderbolt Emolga
thunderbolt Joltik
thunderbolt Galvantula
thunderbolt Ferroseed
thunderbolt Ferrothorn
thunderbolt Klink
thunderbolt Klang
thunderbolt Klinklang
thunderbolt Elgyem
thunderbolt Beheeyem
thunderbolt Stunfisk
thunderbolt Golurk
thunderbolt Thundurus
thunderbolt Thundurus
thunderbolt Zekrom
thunderbolt Genesect
thunderbolt Espurr
thunderbolt Meowstic
thunderbolt Meowstic
thunderbolt Spritzee
thunderbolt Aromatisse
thunderbolt Swirlix
thunderbolt Slurpuff
thunderbolt Inkay
thunderbolt Malamar
thunderbolt Skrelp
thunderbolt Dragalge
thunderbolt Helioptile
thunderbolt Heliolisk
thunderbolt Amaura
thunderbolt Aurorus
thunderbolt Dedenne
thunderbolt Goomy
thunderbolt Sliggoo
thunderbolt Goodra
thunderbolt Xerneas
thunderbolt Grubbin
thunderbolt Charjabug
thunderbolt Vikavolt
thunderbolt Oranguru
thunderbolt Silvally
thunderbolt Togedemaru
thunderbolt Mimikyu
thunderbolt Drampa
thunderbolt Tapu Koko
thunderbolt Tapu Lele
thunderbolt Solgaleo
thunderbolt Lunala
thunderbolt Nihilego
thunderbolt Xurkitree
thunderbolt Magearna
thunderbolt Naganadel
thunderbolt Zeraora
thunderbolt Meltan
thunderbolt Melmetal
thunderbolt Yamper
thunderbolt Boltund
thunderbolt Toxtricity
thunderbolt Toxtricity
thunderbolt Obstagoon
thunderbolt Perrserker
thunderbolt Mr. Rime
thunderbolt Pincurchin
thunderbolt Morpeko
thunderbolt Dracozolt
thunderbolt Arctozolt
thunderbolt Duraludon
thunderbolt Drakloak
thunderbolt Dragapult
thunderbolt Regieleki
thunderbolt Bulbasaur
thunderbolt Ivysaur
thunderbolt Venusaur
thunderbolt Oddish
thunderbolt Gloom
thunderbolt Vileplume
thunderbolt Tangela
thunderbolt Bellossom
thunderbolt Corsola
thunderbolt Corsola
thunderbolt Lotad
thunderbolt Lombre
thunderbolt Ludicolo
thunderbolt Seedot
thunderbolt Nuzleaf
thunderbolt Shiftry
thunderbolt Cherubi
thunderbolt Cherrim
thunderbolt Tangrowth
thunderbolt Cottonee
thunderbolt Whimsicott
thunderbolt Amaura
thunderbolt Aurorus
thunderbolt Xerneas
thunderbolt Grookey
thunderbolt Thwackey
thunderbolt Rillaboom
thunderbolt Cursola
thunderous-kick Zapdos
tickle Tangela
tickle Whiscash
tickle Tangrowth
tickle Minccino
tickle Cinccino
tickle Gothita
tickle Gothorita
tickle Gothitelle
tickle Tapu Lele
tickle Nihilego
tickle Pikachu
tickle Raichu
tickle Raichu
tickle Clefairy
tickle Clefable
tickle Oddish
tickle Gloom
tickle Vileplume
tickle Machop
tickle Machoke
tickle Machamp
tickle Tentacool
tickle Tentacruel
tickle Mr. Mime
tickle Mr. Mime
tickle Lapras
tickle Eevee
tickle Vaporeon
tickle Jolteon
tickle Flareon
tickle Omanyte
tickle Pichu
tickle Cleffa
tickle Bellossom
tickle Marill
tickle Azumarill
tickle Espeon
tickle Umbreon
tickle Zigzagoon
tickle Linoone
tickle Lotad
tickle Lombre
tickle Ludicolo
tickle Azurill
tickle Mawile
tickle Wailmer
tickle Wailord
tickle Lileep
tickle Feebas
tickle Milotic
tickle Cherubi
tickle Cherrim
tickle Mime Jr.
tickle Leafeon
tickle Glaceon
tickle Cottonee
tickle Whimsicott
tickle Emolga
tickle Heatmor
tickle Espurr
tickle Meowstic
tickle Sylveon
tickle Pyukumuku
tickle Togedemaru
tickle Drampa
tickle Mr. Rime
tickle Morpeko
topsy-turvy Inkay
topsy-turvy Malamar
topsy-turvy Grapploct
torment Nuzleaf
torment Shiftry
torment Purrloin
torment Liepard
torment Sandile
torment Krokorok
torment Krookodile
torment Zorua
torment Zoroark
torment Pawniard
torment Bisharp
torment Klefki
torment Salazzle
torment Impidimp
torment Morgrem
torment Grimmsnarl
torment Morpeko
torment Glastrier
torment Calyrex
torment Sableye
torment Gothita
torment Gothorita
torment Gothitelle
torment Nickit
torment Thievul
toxic Nidoran♀
toxic Nidorina
toxic Nidoqueen
toxic Nidoran♂
toxic Nidorino
toxic Nidoking
toxic Oddish
toxic Gloom
toxic Vileplume
toxic Koffing
toxic Weezing
toxic Weezing
toxic Crobat
toxic Bellossom
toxic Wooper
toxic Quagsire
toxic Qwilfish
toxic Roselia
toxic Roserade
toxic Vespiquen
toxic Stunky
toxic Skuntank
toxic Skorupi
toxic Drapion
toxic Croagunk
toxic Toxicroak
toxic Venipede
toxic Whirlipede
toxic Scolipede
toxic Trubbish
toxic Garbodor
toxic Foongus
toxic Amoonguss
toxic Accelgor
toxic Mandibuzz
toxic Skrelp
toxic Dragalge
toxic Mareanie
toxic Toxapex
toxic Salandit
toxic Salazzle
toxic Pyukumuku
toxic Poipole
toxic Naganadel
toxic Toxtricity
toxic Toxtricity
toxic Eternatus
toxic Bulbasaur
toxic Ivysaur
toxic Venusaur
toxic Gastly
toxic Haunter
toxic Gengar
toxic Shuckle
toxic Tympole
toxic Palpitoad
toxic Seismitoad
toxic Ferroseed
toxic Ferrothorn
toxic Vullaby
toxic Mandibuzz
toxic-spikes Nidoran♀
toxic-spikes Nidorina
toxic-spikes Nidoqueen
toxic-spikes Nidoran♂
toxic-spikes Nidorino
toxic-spikes Nidoking
toxic-spikes Cloyster
toxic-spikes Qwilfish
toxic-spikes Roselia
toxic-spikes Roserade
toxic-spikes Skorupi
toxic-spikes Drapion
toxic-spikes Trubbish
toxic-spikes Garbodor
toxic-spikes Mareanie
toxic-spikes Toxapex
toxic-spikes Nihilego
toxic-spikes Nidoran♀
toxic-spikes Nidorina
toxic-spikes Nidoqueen
toxic-spikes Nidoran♂
toxic-spikes Nidorino
toxic-spikes Nidoking
toxic-spikes Tentacool
toxic-spikes Tentacruel
toxic-spikes Cloyster
toxic-spikes Koffing
toxic-spikes Weezing
toxic-spikes Weezing
toxic-spikes Omanyte
toxic-spikes Omastar
toxic-spikes Mew
toxic-spikes Qwilfish
toxic-spikes Roselia
toxic-spikes Roserade
toxic-spikes Vespiquen
toxic-spikes Skorupi
toxic-spikes Drapion
toxic-spikes Venipede
toxic-spikes Whirlipede
toxic-spikes Scolipede
toxic-spikes Yamask
toxic-spikes Yamask
toxic-spikes Cofagrigus
toxic-spikes Trubbish
toxic-spikes Garbodor
toxic-spikes Shelmet
toxic-spikes Accelgor
toxic-spikes Skrelp
toxic-spikes Dragalge
toxic-spikes Mareanie
toxic-spikes Toxapex
toxic-spikes Nihilego
toxic-spikes Poipole
toxic-spikes Naganadel
toxic-spikes Runerigus
toxic-spikes Pincurchin
toxic-spikes Eternatus
toxic-thread Spinarak
toxic-thread Ariados
transform Ditto
transform Mew
tri-attack Dugtrio
tri-attack Dugtrio
tri-attack Magneton
tri-attack Porygon
tri-attack Porygon2
tri-attack Magnezone
tri-attack Togekiss
tri-attack Porygon-Z
tri-attack Hydreigon
tri-attack Type: Null
tri-attack Silvally
tri-attack Clefairy
tri-attack Clefable
tri-attack Jigglypuff
tri-attack Wigglytuff
tri-attack Dugtrio
tri-attack Dugtrio
tri-attack Abra
tri-attack Kadabra
tri-attack Alakazam
tri-attack Slowpoke
tri-attack Slowpoke
tri-attack Slowbro
tri-attack Slowbro
tri-attack Magneton
tri-attack Shellder
tri-attack Cloyster
tri-attack Chansey
tri-attack Staryu
tri-attack Starmie
tri-attack Porygon
tri-attack Mewtwo
tri-attack Mew
tri-attack Togepi
tri-attack Togetic
tri-attack Slowking
tri-attack Slowking
tri-attack Porygon2
tri-attack Blissey
tri-attack Latias
tri-attack Latios
tri-attack Magnezone
tri-attack Togekiss
tri-attack Porygon-Z
tri-attack Uxie
tri-attack Mesprit
tri-attack Azelf
tri-attack Beheeyem
tri-attack Hydreigon
tri-attack Genesect
tri-attack Type: Null
tri-attack Silvally
tri-attack Magearna
tri-attack Alcremie
tri-attack Indeedee
tri-attack Dragapult
tri-attack Calyrex
tri-attack Calyrex
tri-attack Calyrex
tri-attack Bulbasaur
tri-attack Ivysaur
tri-attack Venusaur
tri-attack Oddish
tri-attack Gloom
tri-attack Vileplume
tri-attack Tangela
tri-attack Bellossom
tri-attack Corsola
tri-attack Corsola
tri-attack Lotad
tri-attack Lombre
tri-attack Ludicolo
tri-attack Seedot
tri-attack Nuzleaf
tri-attack Shiftry
tri-attack Cherubi
tri-attack Cherrim
tri-attack Tangrowth
tri-attack Cottonee
tri-attack Whimsicott
tri-attack Amaura
tri-attack Aurorus
tri-attack Xerneas
tri-attack Grookey
tri-attack Thwackey
tri-attack Rillaboom
tri-attack Cursola
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Pumpkaboo
trick Gourgeist
trick Blacephalon
trick Clefairy
trick Clefable
trick Abra
trick Kadabra
trick Alakazam
trick Slowpoke
trick Slowpoke
trick Slowbro
trick Slowbro
trick Gastly
trick Haunter
trick Gengar
trick Starmie
trick Mr. Mime
trick Mr. Mime
trick Jynx
trick Porygon
trick Mewtwo
trick Mew
trick Cleffa
trick Togepi
trick Togetic
trick Natu
trick Xatu
trick Espeon
trick Slowking
trick Slowking
trick Porygon2
trick Smoochum
trick Lugia
trick Celebi
trick Zigzagoon
trick Zigzagoon
trick Linoone
trick Linoone
trick Ralts
trick Kirlia
trick Gardevoir
trick Shedinja
trick Sableye
trick Baltoy
trick Claydol
trick Duskull
trick Dusclops
trick Metang
trick Metagross
trick Latias
trick Latios
trick Jirachi
trick Drifloon
trick Drifblim
trick Bronzor
trick Bronzong
trick Mime Jr.
trick Spiritomb
trick Togekiss
trick Porygon-Z
trick Gallade
trick Dusknoir
trick Froslass
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Rotom
trick Uxie
trick Mesprit
trick Azelf
trick Cresselia
trick Victini
trick Purrloin
trick Liepard
trick Munna
trick Musharna
trick Woobat
trick Swoobat
trick Darmanitan
trick Sigilyph
trick Yamask
trick Yamask
trick Cofagrigus
trick Zorua
trick Zoroark
trick Gothita
trick Gothorita
trick Gothitelle
trick Solosis
trick Duosion
trick Reuniclus
trick Frillish
trick Jellicent
trick Elgyem
trick Beheeyem
trick Litwick
trick Lampent
trick Chandelure
trick Golurk
trick Espurr
trick Meowstic
trick Meowstic
trick Phantump
trick Trevenant
trick Pumpkaboo
trick Gourgeist
trick Cutiefly
trick Ribombee
trick Comfey
trick Oranguru
trick Sandygast
trick Palossand
trick Mimikyu
trick Tapu Fini
trick Lunala
trick Magearna
trick Blacephalon
trick Dottler
trick Orbeetle
trick Sinistea
trick Polteageist
trick Impidimp
trick Morgrem
trick Grimmsnarl
trick Obstagoon
trick Mr. Rime
trick Runerigus
trick Indeedee
trick Indeedee
trick Calyrex
trick Calyrex
trick Calyrex
trick-room Articuno
trick-room Porygon-Z
trick-room Oranguru
trick-room Abra
trick-room Kadabra
trick-room Alakazam
trick-room Rapidash
trick-room Slowpoke
trick-room Slowpoke
trick-room Slowbro
trick-room Slowbro
trick-room Gastly
trick-room Haunter
trick-room Gengar
trick-room Exeggcute
trick-room Exeggutor
trick-room Exeggutor
trick-room Starmie
trick-room Mr. Mime
trick-room Mr. Mime
trick-room Jynx
trick-room Porygon
trick-room Articuno
trick-room Mewtwo
trick-room Mew
trick-room Natu
trick-room Xatu
trick-room Espeon
trick-room Slowking
trick-room Slowking
trick-room Porygon2
trick-room Smoochum
trick-room Celebi
trick-room Ralts
trick-room Kirlia
trick-room Gardevoir
trick-room Lunatone
trick-room Solrock
trick-room Baltoy
trick-room Claydol
trick-room Duskull
trick-room Dusclops
trick-room Jirachi
trick-room Bronzor
trick-room Bronzong
trick-room Mime Jr.
trick-room Porygon-Z
trick-room Gallade
trick-room Dusknoir
trick-room Uxie
trick-room Mesprit
trick-room Azelf
trick-room Dialga
trick-room Palkia
trick-room Cresselia
trick-room Victini
trick-room Munna
trick-room Musharna
trick-room Woobat
trick-room Swoobat
trick-room Audino
trick-room Whimsicott
trick-room Sigilyph
trick-room Yamask
trick-room Yamask
trick-room Cofagrigus
trick-room Gothita
trick-room Gothorita
trick-room Gothitelle
trick-room Solosis
trick-room Duosion
trick-room Reuniclus
trick-room Frillish
trick-room Jellicent
trick-room Klinklang
trick-room Elgyem
trick-room Beheeyem
trick-room Litwick
trick-room Lampent
trick-room Chandelure
trick-room Espurr
trick-room Meowstic
trick-room Meowstic
trick-room Spritzee
trick-room Aromatisse
trick-room Inkay
trick-room Malamar
trick-room Carbink
trick-room Phantump
trick-room Trevenant
trick-room Pumpkaboo
trick-room Gourgeist
trick-room Diancie
trick-room Comfey
trick-room Oranguru
trick-room Mimikyu
trick-room Solgaleo
trick-room Lunala
trick-room Nihilego
trick-room Necrozma
trick-room Magearna
trick-room Stakataka
trick-room Dottler
trick-room Orbeetle
trick-room Hatterene
trick-room Mr. Rime
trick-room Runerigus
trick-room Indeedee
trick-room Calyrex
trick-room Calyrex
trick-room Calyrex
trick-or-treat Pumpkaboo
trick-or-treat Pumpkaboo
trick-or-treat Pumpkaboo
trick-or-treat Pumpkaboo
trick-or-treat Gourgeist
trick-or-treat Gourgeist
trick-or-treat Gourgeist
trick-or-treat Gourgeist
triple-arrows Decidueye
triple-axel Sandshrew
triple-axel Sandslash
triple-axel Ninetales
triple-axel Mr. Mime
triple-axel Jynx
triple-axel Articuno
triple-axel Mew
triple-axel Sneasel
triple-axel Delibird
triple-axel Hitmontop
triple-axel Kirlia
triple-axel Gardevoir
triple-axel Milotic
triple-axel Buneary
triple-axel Lopunny
triple-axel Weavile
triple-axel Glaceon
triple-axel Gallade
triple-axel Froslass
triple-axel Minccino
triple-axel Cinccino
triple-axel Cryogonal
triple-axel Popplio
triple-axel Brionne
triple-axel Primarina
triple-axel Steenee
triple-axel Tsareena
triple-axel Pheromosa
triple-axel Mr. Rime
triple-axel Frosmoth
triple-kick Hitmontop
triple-kick Pheromosa
trop-kick Tsareena
trump-card Eevee
trump-card Slowking
trump-card Minun
trump-card Magearna
trump-card Farfetch'd
trump-card Kangaskhan
trump-card Dunsparce
trump-card Corphish
trump-card Crawdaunt
trump-card Shellos
trump-card Gastrodon
trump-card Oshawott
trump-card Dewott
trump-card Samurott
twineedle Beedrill
twineedle Escavalier
twineedle Escavalier
twineedle Shellder
twineedle Cloyster
twineedle Spinarak
twineedle Ariados
twineedle Skorupi
twineedle Drapion
twineedle Venipede
twineedle Whirlipede
twineedle Scolipede
twineedle Togedemaru
twister Horsea
twister Seadra
twister Gyarados
twister Dratini
twister Dragonair
twister Dragonite
twister Kingdra
twister Milotic
twister Rayquaza
twister Drampa
twister Flapple
twister Regidrago
twister Mantine
twister Wingull
twister Pelipper
twister Bagon
twister Gible
twister Mantyke
twister Skrelp
twister Dragalge
u-turn Archen
u-turn Archeops
u-turn Zoroark
u-turn Accelgor
u-turn Mienfoo
u-turn Mienshao
u-turn Decidueye
u-turn Sobble
u-turn Drizzile
u-turn Inteleon
u-turn Drakloak
u-turn Dragapult
u-turn Zarude
u-turn Butterfree
u-turn Zubat
u-turn Golbat
u-turn Meowth
u-turn Meowth
u-turn Meowth
u-turn Persian
u-turn Persian
u-turn Farfetch'd
u-turn Scyther
u-turn Articuno
u-turn Articuno
u-turn Zapdos
u-turn Zapdos
u-turn Moltres
u-turn Moltres
u-turn Mew
u-turn Crobat
u-turn Natu
u-turn Xatu
u-turn Scizor
u-turn Celebi
u-turn Blaziken
u-turn Wingull
u-turn Pelipper
u-turn Ninjask
u-turn Vibrava
u-turn Flygon
u-turn Jirachi
u-turn Vespiquen
u-turn Lopunny
u-turn Uxie
u-turn Mesprit
u-turn Azelf
u-turn Victini
u-turn Purrloin
u-turn Liepard
u-turn Pidove
u-turn Tranquill
u-turn Unfezant
u-turn Woobat
u-turn Swoobat
u-turn Whimsicott
u-turn Darumaka
u-turn Darumaka
u-turn Darmanitan
u-turn Darmanitan
u-turn Archen
u-turn Archeops
u-turn Zorua
u-turn Zoroark
u-turn Minccino
u-turn Cinccino
u-turn Emolga
u-turn Accelgor
u-turn Mienfoo
u-turn Mienshao
u-turn Rufflet
u-turn Braviary
u-turn Vullaby
u-turn Mandibuzz
u-turn Hydreigon
u-turn Larvesta
u-turn Volcarona
u-turn Tornadus
u-turn Tornadus
u-turn Thundurus
u-turn Thundurus
u-turn Landorus
u-turn Landorus
u-turn Genesect
u-turn Bunnelby
u-turn Diggersby
u-turn Fletchling
u-turn Fletchinder
u-turn Talonflame
u-turn Clauncher
u-turn Clawitzer
u-turn Helioptile
u-turn Heliolisk
u-turn Hawlucha
u-turn Dedenne
u-turn Noibat
u-turn Noivern
u-turn Yveltal
u-turn Decidueye
u-turn Litten
u-turn Torracat
u-turn Incineroar
u-turn Cutiefly
u-turn Ribombee
u-turn Wishiwashi
u-turn Tsareena
u-turn Comfey
u-turn Passimian
u-turn Type: Null
u-turn Silvally
u-turn Togedemaru
u-turn Tapu Koko
u-turn Pheromosa
u-turn Naganadel
u-turn Grookey
u-turn Thwackey
u-turn Rillaboom
u-turn Scorbunny
u-turn Raboot
u-turn Cinderace
u-turn Sobble
u-turn Drizzile
u-turn Inteleon
u-turn Rookidee
u-turn Corvisquire
u-turn Corviknight
u-turn Orbeetle
u-turn Thievul
u-turn Flapple
u-turn Perrserker
u-turn Frosmoth
u-turn Drakloak
u-turn Dragapult
u-turn Kubfu
u-turn Urshifu
u-turn Urshifu
u-turn Zarude
uproar Exeggcute
uproar Exeggutor
uproar Exeggutor
uproar Hoothoot
uproar Noctowl
uproar Whismur
uproar Loudred
uproar Exploud
uproar Vibrava
uproar Flygon
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Azelf
uproar Tympole
uproar Palpitoad
uproar Seismitoad
uproar Darumaka
uproar Darumaka
uproar Darmanitan
uproar Darmanitan
uproar Vanillite
uproar Vanillish
uproar Vanilluxe
uproar Tornadus
uproar Tornadus
uproar Thundurus
uproar Thundurus
uproar Wishiwashi
uproar Grookey
uproar Thwackey
uproar Rillaboom
uproar Pikachu
uproar Raichu
uproar Raichu
uproar Nidoqueen
uproar Nidoking
uproar Clefairy
uproar Clefable
uproar Jigglypuff
uproar Wigglytuff
uproar Zubat
uproar Golbat
uproar Diglett
uproar Diglett
uproar Dugtrio
uproar Dugtrio
uproar Meowth
uproar Meowth
uproar Meowth
uproar Persian
uproar Persian
uproar Farfetch'd
uproar Gastly
uproar Haunter
uproar Gengar
uproar Exeggcute
uproar Exeggutor
uproar Exeggutor
uproar Cubone
uproar Marowak
uproar Marowak
uproar Hitmonlee
uproar Hitmonchan
uproar Koffing
uproar Weezing
uproar Weezing
uproar Rhyhorn
uproar Rhydon
uproar Chansey
uproar Kangaskhan
uproar Mr. Mime
uproar Mr. Mime
uproar Jynx
uproar Electabuzz
uproar Magmar
uproar Tauros
uproar Gyarados
uproar Snorlax
uproar Mew
uproar Hoothoot
uproar Noctowl
uproar Crobat
uproar Pichu
uproar Cleffa
uproar Igglybuff
uproar Togepi
uproar Togetic
uproar Bellossom
uproar Marill
uproar Azumarill
uproar Sudowoodo
uproar Politoed
uproar Tyrogue
uproar Hitmontop
uproar Smoochum
uproar Elekid
uproar Magby
uproar Blissey
uproar Larvitar
uproar Pupitar
uproar Tyranitar
uproar Celebi
uproar Mudkip
uproar Marshtomp
uproar Swampert
uproar Lotad
uproar Lombre
uproar Ludicolo
uproar Wingull
uproar Pelipper
uproar Ninjask
uproar Whismur
uproar Loudred
uproar Exploud
uproar Azurill
uproar Aron
uproar Lairon
uproar Aggron
uproar Electrike
uproar Manectric
uproar Roselia
uproar Carvanha
uproar Sharpedo
uproar Vibrava
uproar Flygon
uproar Swablu
uproar Altaria
uproar Whiscash
uproar Kyogre
uproar Groudon
uproar Rayquaza
uproar Jirachi
uproar Budew
uproar Roserade
uproar Vespiquen
uproar Buneary
uproar Lopunny
uproar Bonsly
uproar Mime Jr.
uproar Happiny
uproar Spiritomb
uproar Munchlax
uproar Rhyperior
uproar Electivire
uproar Magmortar
uproar Togekiss
uproar Porygon-Z
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Rotom
uproar Azelf
uproar Heatran
uproar Victini
uproar Lillipup
uproar Herdier
uproar Stoutland
uproar Pidove
uproar Tranquill
uproar Unfezant
uproar Woobat
uproar Swoobat
uproar Audino
uproar Tympole
uproar Palpitoad
uproar Seismitoad
uproar Basculin
uproar Sandile
uproar Krokorok
uproar Krookodile
uproar Darumaka
uproar Darumaka
uproar Darmanitan
uproar Darmanitan
uproar Maractus
uproar Archen
uproar Archeops
uproar Zorua
uproar Zoroark
uproar Minccino
uproar Cinccino
uproar Gothita
uproar Gothorita
uproar Gothitelle
uproar Vanillite
uproar Vanillish
uproar Vanilluxe
uproar Klink
uproar Klang
uproar Klinklang
uproar Elgyem
uproar Beheeyem
uproar Stunfisk
uproar Stunfisk
uproar Bouffalant
uproar Deino
uproar Zweilous
uproar Hydreigon
uproar Tornadus
uproar Tornadus
uproar Thundurus
uproar Thundurus
uproar Diggersby
uproar Pancham
uproar Pangoro
uproar Binacle
uproar Barbaracle
uproar Noibat
uproar Noivern
uproar Popplio
uproar Brionne
uproar Primarina
uproar Lycanroc
uproar Wishiwashi
uproar Passimian
uproar Turtonator
uproar Drampa
uproar Jangmo-o
uproar Hakamo-o
uproar Kommo-o
uproar Poipole
uproar Naganadel
uproar Blacephalon
uproar Grookey
uproar Thwackey
uproar Rillaboom
uproar Skwovet
uproar Greedent
uproar Yamper
uproar Boltund
uproar Cramorant
uproar Toxtricity
uproar Toxtricity
uproar Impidimp
uproar Morgrem
uproar Grimmsnarl
uproar Perrserker
uproar Mr. Rime
uproar Morpeko
uproar Glastrier
uproar Spectrier
uproar Calyrex
uproar Calyrex
v-create Victini
vacuum-wave Hitmonchan
vacuum-wave Kartana
vacuum-wave Hitmonlee
vacuum-wave Hitmonchan
vacuum-wave Tyrogue
vacuum-wave Hitmontop
vacuum-wave Riolu
vacuum-wave Lucario
vacuum-wave Croagunk
vacuum-wave Toxicroak
veevee-volley Eevee
venom-drench Roserade
venom-drench Stunky
venom-drench Skuntank
venom-drench Venipede
venom-drench Whirlipede
venom-drench Scolipede
venom-drench Mareanie
venom-drench Toxapex
venom-drench Salandit
venom-drench Salazzle
venom-drench Nihilego
venom-drench Poipole
venom-drench Naganadel
venom-drench Toxtricity
venom-drench Nidoran♀
venom-drench Nidorina
venom-drench Nidoqueen
venom-drench Nidoran♂
venom-drench Nidorino
venom-drench Nidoking
venom-drench Zubat
venom-drench Golbat
venom-drench Tentacruel
venom-drench Koffing
venom-drench Weezing
venom-drench Weezing
venom-drench Mew
venom-drench Crobat
venom-drench Slowking
venom-drench Qwilfish
venom-drench Roserade
venom-drench Stunky
venom-drench Skuntank
venom-drench Drapion
venom-drench Croagunk
venom-drench Toxicroak
venom-drench Woobat
venom-drench Swoobat
venom-drench Tympole
venom-drench Palpitoad
venom-drench Seismitoad
venom-drench Venipede
venom-drench Whirlipede
venom-drench Scolipede
venom-drench Trubbish
venom-drench Garbodor
venom-drench Accelgor
venom-drench Skrelp
venom-drench Dragalge
venom-drench Phantump
venom-drench Trevenant
venom-drench Mareanie
venom-drench Toxapex
venom-drench Salandit
venom-drench Salazzle
venom-drench Pyukumuku
venom-drench Nihilego
venom-drench Poipole
venom-drench Naganadel
venom-drench Toxtricity
venom-drench Pincurchin
venom-drench Eternatus
venoshock Zubat
venoshock Golbat
venoshock Crobat
venoshock Stunky
venoshock Skuntank
venoshock Skorupi
venoshock Drapion
venoshock Croagunk
venoshock Toxicroak
venoshock Venipede
venoshock Whirlipede
venoshock Scolipede
venoshock Mareanie
venoshock Toxapex
venoshock Salandit
venoshock Salazzle
venoshock Nihilego
venoshock Poipole
venoshock Naganadel
venoshock Toxtricity
venoshock Eternatus
venoshock Bulbasaur
venoshock Ivysaur
venoshock Venusaur
venoshock Butterfree
venoshock Nidoran♀
venoshock Nidorina
venoshock Nidoqueen
venoshock Nidoran♂
venoshock Nidorino
venoshock Nidoking
venoshock Zubat
venoshock Golbat
venoshock Oddish
venoshock Gloom
venoshock Vileplume
venoshock Tentacool
venoshock Tentacruel
venoshock Slowbro
venoshock Gastly
venoshock Haunter
venoshock Gengar
venoshock Koffing
venoshock Weezing
venoshock Weezing
venoshock Mew
venoshock Crobat
venoshock Bellossom
venoshock Slowking
venoshock Qwilfish
venoshock Scizor
venoshock Shuckle
venoshock Heracross
venoshock Roselia
venoshock Budew
venoshock Roserade
venoshock Vespiquen
venoshock Stunky
venoshock Skuntank
venoshock Skorupi
venoshock Drapion
venoshock Croagunk
venoshock Toxicroak
venoshock Seismitoad
venoshock Venipede
venoshock Whirlipede
venoshock Scolipede
venoshock Trubbish
venoshock Garbodor
venoshock Foongus
venoshock Amoonguss
venoshock Shelmet
venoshock Accelgor
venoshock Skrelp
venoshock Dragalge
venoshock Clauncher
venoshock Clawitzer
venoshock Mareanie
venoshock Toxapex
venoshock Salandit
venoshock Salazzle
venoshock Golisopod
venoshock Turtonator
venoshock Nihilego
venoshock Poipole
venoshock Naganadel
venoshock Toxtricity
venoshock Sizzlipede
venoshock Centiskorch
venoshock Pincurchin
venoshock Eternatus
victory-dance Lilligant
vine-whip Bulbasaur
vine-whip Ivysaur
vine-whip Venusaur
vine-whip Tangela
vine-whip Tangrowth
vine-whip Comfey
vine-whip Zarude
vise-grip Pinsir
vise-grip Klink
vise-grip Klang
vise-grip Klinklang
vise-grip Durant
vise-grip Clauncher
vise-grip Clawitzer
vise-grip Grubbin
vise-grip Charjabug
vise-grip Vikavolt
vise-grip Regidrago
vital-throw Machop
vital-throw Machoke
vital-throw Machamp
vital-throw Pinsir
vital-throw Throh
vital-throw Pancham
vital-throw Pangoro
vital-throw Buzzwole
vital-throw Mienfoo
vital-throw Mienshao
vital-throw Passimian
volt-switch Shinx
volt-switch Luxio
volt-switch Luxray
volt-switch Emolga
volt-switch Thundurus
volt-switch Thundurus
volt-switch Helioptile
volt-switch Heliolisk
volt-switch Dedenne
volt-switch Zeraora
volt-switch Pikachu
volt-switch Raichu
volt-switch Raichu
volt-switch Magnemite
volt-switch Magneton
volt-switch Electabuzz
volt-switch Jolteon
volt-switch Zapdos
volt-switch Mew
volt-switch Chinchou
volt-switch Lanturn
volt-switch Pichu
volt-switch Elekid
volt-switch Raikou
volt-switch Electrike
volt-switch Manectric
volt-switch Shinx
volt-switch Luxio
volt-switch Luxray
volt-switch Magnezone
volt-switch Electivire
volt-switch Rotom
volt-switch Rotom
volt-switch Rotom
volt-switch Rotom
volt-switch Rotom
volt-switch Rotom
volt-switch Emolga
volt-switch Joltik
volt-switch Galvantula
volt-switch Klink
volt-switch Klang
volt-switch Klinklang
volt-switch Cobalion
volt-switch Thundurus
volt-switch Thundurus
volt-switch Zekrom
volt-switch Helioptile
volt-switch Heliolisk
volt-switch Dedenne
volt-switch Grubbin
volt-switch Charjabug
volt-switch Vikavolt
volt-switch Togedemaru
volt-switch Tapu Koko
volt-switch Xurkitree
volt-switch Magearna
volt-switch Zeraora
volt-switch Yamper
volt-switch Boltund
volt-switch Toxtricity
volt-switch Toxtricity
volt-switch Morpeko
volt-switch Regieleki
volt-tackle Pikachu
volt-tackle Pichu
wake-up-slap Clefairy
wake-up-slap Jigglypuff
wake-up-slap Poliwag
wake-up-slap Poliwhirl
wake-up-slap Machop
wake-up-slap Machoke
wake-up-slap Machamp
wake-up-slap Drowzee
wake-up-slap Hypno
wake-up-slap Jynx
wake-up-slap Miltank
wake-up-slap Makuhita
wake-up-slap Hariyama
wake-up-slap Skitty
wake-up-slap Froslass
wake-up-slap Timburr
wake-up-slap Gurdurr
wake-up-slap Conkeldurr
wake-up-slap Minccino
wake-up-slap Alomomola
wake-up-slap Meloetta
wake-up-slap Solgaleo
wake-up-slap Tangela
wake-up-slap Mr. Mime
wake-up-slap Jynx
wake-up-slap Smoochum
wake-up-slap Shroomish
wake-up-slap Breloom
wake-up-slap Makuhita
wake-up-slap Hariyama
wake-up-slap Glameow
wake-up-slap Purugly
wake-up-slap Mime Jr.
wake-up-slap Croagunk
wake-up-slap Toxicroak
wake-up-slap Tangrowth
water-gun Squirtle
water-gun Wartortle
water-gun Blastoise
water-gun Psyduck
water-gun Golduck
water-gun Poliwag
water-gun Poliwhirl
water-gun Poliwrath
water-gun Tentacool
water-gun Tentacruel
water-gun Slowpoke
water-gun Slowbro
water-gun Shellder
water-gun Cloyster
water-gun Krabby
water-gun Kingler
water-gun Horsea
water-gun Seadra
water-gun Staryu
water-gun Starmie
water-gun Lapras
water-gun Vaporeon
water-gun Omanyte
water-gun Omastar
water-gun Chinchou
water-gun Lanturn
water-gun Marill
water-gun Azumarill
water-gun Politoed
water-gun Wooper
water-gun Quagsire
water-gun Slowking
water-gun Qwilfish
water-gun Corsola
water-gun Remoraid
water-gun Octillery
water-gun Mantine
water-gun Kingdra
water-gun Suicune
water-gun Mudkip
water-gun Marshtomp
water-gun Swampert
water-gun Lotad
water-gun Lombre
water-gun Ludicolo
water-gun Wingull
water-gun Pelipper
water-gun Azurill
water-gun Wailmer
water-gun Wailord
water-gun Barboach
water-gun Whiscash
water-gun Corphish
water-gun Crawdaunt
water-gun Anorith
water-gun Armaldo
water-gun Milotic
water-gun Spheal
water-gun Sealeo
water-gun Walrein
water-gun Relicanth
water-gun Shellos
water-gun Gastrodon
water-gun Mantyke
water-gun Basculin
water-gun Tirtouga
water-gun Carracosta
water-gun Frillish
water-gun Jellicent
water-gun Stunfisk
water-gun Stunfisk
water-gun Binacle
water-gun Barbaracle
water-gun Skrelp
water-gun Dragalge
water-gun Clauncher
water-gun Clawitzer
water-gun Goomy
water-gun Sliggoo
water-gun Goodra
water-gun Volcanion
water-gun Popplio
water-gun Brionne
water-gun Primarina
water-gun Wishiwashi
water-gun Dewpider
water-gun Araquanid
water-gun Tapu Fini
water-gun Sobble
water-gun Drizzile
water-gun Inteleon
water-gun Chewtle
water-gun Drednaw
water-gun Cramorant
water-gun Pincurchin
water-gun Dracovish
water-gun Arctovish
water-pledge Squirtle
water-pledge Wartortle
water-pledge Blastoise
water-pledge Totodile
water-pledge Croconaw
water-pledge Feraligatr
water-pledge Mudkip
water-pledge Marshtomp
water-pledge Swampert
water-pledge Piplup
water-pledge Prinplup
water-pledge Empoleon
water-pledge Oshawott
water-pledge Dewott
water-pledge Samurott
water-pledge Panpour
water-pledge Simipour
water-pledge Froakie
water-pledge Frogadier
water-pledge Greninja
water-pledge Popplio
water-pledge Brionne
water-pledge Primarina
water-pledge Silvally
water-pulse Squirtle
water-pulse Wartortle
water-pulse Blastoise
water-pulse Psyduck
water-pulse Golduck
water-pulse Tentacool
water-pulse Tentacruel
water-pulse Slowpoke
water-pulse Slowpoke
water-pulse Slowbro
water-pulse Slowbro
water-pulse Goldeen
water-pulse Seaking
water-pulse Lapras
water-pulse Vaporeon
water-pulse Slowking
water-pulse Slowking
water-pulse Remoraid
water-pulse Octillery
water-pulse Mantine
water-pulse Suicune
water-pulse Mudkip
water-pulse Marshtomp
water-pulse Swampert
water-pulse Wingull
water-pulse Pelipper
water-pulse Wailmer
water-pulse Wailord
water-pulse Barboach
water-pulse Whiscash
water-pulse Milotic
water-pulse Kyogre
water-pulse Shellos
water-pulse Gastrodon
water-pulse Mantyke
water-pulse Palkia
water-pulse Frillish
water-pulse Jellicent
water-pulse Skrelp
water-pulse Dragalge
water-pulse Clauncher
water-pulse Clawitzer
water-pulse Goomy
water-pulse Sliggoo
water-pulse Goodra
water-pulse Volcanion
water-pulse Tapu Fini
water-pulse Sobble
water-pulse Drizzile
water-pulse Inteleon
water-pulse Poliwag
water-pulse Poliwhirl
water-pulse Poliwrath
water-pulse Shellder
water-pulse Cloyster
water-pulse Horsea
water-pulse Seadra
water-pulse Omanyte
water-pulse Dratini
water-pulse Chinchou
water-pulse Lanturn
water-pulse Politoed
water-pulse Qwilfish
water-pulse Corsola
water-pulse Corsola
water-pulse Kingdra
water-pulse Carvanha
water-pulse Sharpedo
water-pulse Anorith
water-pulse Spheal
water-pulse Tympole
water-pulse Palpitoad
water-pulse Seismitoad
water-pulse Tirtouga
water-pulse Wishiwashi
water-pulse Cursola
water-shuriken Accelgor
water-sport Psyduck
water-sport Golduck
water-sport Poliwag
water-sport Poliwhirl
water-sport Seel
water-sport Goldeen
water-sport Seaking
water-sport Marill
water-sport Azumarill
water-sport Azumarill
water-sport Lombre
water-sport Pelipper
water-sport Surskit
water-sport Masquerain
water-sport Masquerain
water-sport Azurill
water-sport Barboach
water-sport Whiscash
water-sport Whiscash
water-sport Milotic
water-sport Milotic
water-sport Gorebyss
water-sport Latias
water-sport Piplup
water-sport Prinplup
water-sport Budew
water-sport Buizel
water-sport Floatzel
water-sport Floatzel
water-sport Phione
water-sport Manaphy
water-sport Oshawott
water-sport Dewott
water-sport Dewott
water-sport Samurott
water-sport Samurott
water-sport Panpour
water-sport Ducklett
water-sport Swanna
water-sport Swanna
water-sport Frillish
water-sport Jellicent
water-sport Alomomola
water-sport Clauncher
water-sport Clawitzer
water-sport Clawitzer
water-sport Dewpider
water-sport Pyukumuku
water-sport Poliwag
water-sport Poliwhirl
water-sport Poliwrath
water-sport Totodile
water-sport Croconaw
water-sport Feraligatr
water-sport Marill
water-sport Azumarill
water-sport Politoed
water-sport Mantine
water-sport Wingull
water-sport Pelipper
water-sport Azurill
water-sport Spheal
water-sport Sealeo
water-sport Walrein
water-sport Relicanth
water-sport Luvdisc
water-sport Bidoof
water-sport Bibarel
water-sport Mantyke
water-sport Froakie
water-sport Frogadier
water-sport Greninja
water-sport Binacle
water-sport Barbaracle
water-sport Wishiwashi
water-spout Wailmer
water-spout Wailord
water-spout Kyogre
water-spout Frillish
water-spout Jellicent
water-spout Squirtle
water-spout Wartortle
water-spout Blastoise
water-spout Remoraid
water-spout Octillery
waterfall Goldeen
waterfall Seaking
waterfall Gyarados
waterfall Squirtle
waterfall Wartortle
waterfall Blastoise
waterfall Psyduck
waterfall Golduck
waterfall Poliwag
waterfall Poliwhirl
waterfall Poliwrath
waterfall Tentacool
waterfall Tentacruel
waterfall Horsea
waterfall Seadra
waterfall Goldeen
waterfall Seaking
waterfall Staryu
waterfall Starmie
waterfall Gyarados
waterfall Lapras
waterfall Vaporeon
waterfall Omanyte
waterfall Omastar
waterfall Kabuto
waterfall Kabutops
waterfall Dratini
waterfall Dragonair
waterfall Dragonite
waterfall Mew
waterfall Chinchou
waterfall Lanturn
waterfall Marill
waterfall Azumarill
waterfall Politoed
waterfall Wooper
waterfall Quagsire
waterfall Qwilfish
waterfall Remoraid
waterfall Octillery
waterfall Mantine
waterfall Kingdra
waterfall Suicune
waterfall Lugia
waterfall Mudkip
waterfall Marshtomp
waterfall Swampert
waterfall Lombre
waterfall Ludicolo
waterfall Azurill
waterfall Carvanha
waterfall Sharpedo
waterfall Wailmer
waterfall Wailord
waterfall Barboach
waterfall Whiscash
waterfall Corphish
waterfall Crawdaunt
waterfall Feebas
waterfall Milotic
waterfall Spheal
waterfall Sealeo
waterfall Walrein
waterfall Relicanth
waterfall Latias
waterfall Latios
waterfall Kyogre
waterfall Rayquaza
waterfall Gastrodon
waterfall Mantyke
waterfall Basculin
waterfall Tirtouga
waterfall Carracosta
waterfall Frillish
waterfall Jellicent
waterfall Skrelp
waterfall Dragalge
waterfall Clauncher
waterfall Clawitzer
waterfall Popplio
waterfall Brionne
waterfall Primarina
waterfall Wishiwashi
waterfall Dewpider
waterfall Araquanid
waterfall Wimpod
waterfall Golisopod
waterfall Tapu Fini
waterfall Inteleon
waterfall Drednaw
waterfall Arrokuda
waterfall Barraskewda
waterfall Clobbopus
waterfall Grapploct
waterfall Eiscue
waterfall Dracovish
waterfall Arctovish
waterfall Urshifu
wave-crash Empoleon
wave-crash Basculin
wave-crash Basculegion
wave-crash Basculegion
weather-ball Lugia
weather-ball Ho-oh
weather-ball Bronzong
weather-ball Vanilluxe
weather-ball Volcanion
weather-ball Eiscue
weather-ball Bulbasaur
weather-ball Ivysaur
weather-ball Venusaur
weather-ball Charmander
weather-ball Charmeleon
weather-ball Charizard
weather-ball Squirtle
weather-ball Wartortle
weather-ball Blastoise
weather-ball Vulpix
weather-ball Vulpix
weather-ball Ninetales
weather-ball Ninetales
weather-ball Slowpoke
weather-ball Slowpoke
weather-ball Slowbro
weather-ball Slowbro
weather-ball Cloyster
weather-ball Lapras
weather-ball Eevee
weather-ball Vaporeon
weather-ball Jolteon
weather-ball Flareon
weather-ball Articuno
weather-ball Zapdos
weather-ball Moltres
weather-ball Mew
weather-ball Politoed
weather-ball Espeon
weather-ball Umbreon
weather-ball Slowking
weather-ball Slowking
weather-ball Delibird
weather-ball Raikou
weather-ball Entei
weather-ball Suicune
weather-ball Lugia
weather-ball Ho-oh
weather-ball Celebi
weather-ball Ludicolo
weather-ball Pelipper
weather-ball Roselia
weather-ball Wailmer
weather-ball Wailord
weather-ball Torkoal
weather-ball Lunatone
weather-ball Solrock
weather-ball Whiscash
weather-ball Milotic
weather-ball Snorunt
weather-ball Glalie
weather-ball Budew
weather-ball Roserade
weather-ball Cherubi
weather-ball Cherrim
weather-ball Gastrodon
weather-ball Drifloon
weather-ball Drifblim
weather-ball Bronzong
weather-ball Hippopotas
weather-ball Hippowdon
weather-ball Snover
weather-ball Abomasnow
weather-ball Electivire
weather-ball Magmortar
weather-ball Leafeon
weather-ball Glaceon
weather-ball Froslass
weather-ball Gigalith
weather-ball Tympole
weather-ball Palpitoad
weather-ball Seismitoad
weather-ball Maractus
weather-ball Vanilluxe
weather-ball Tornadus
weather-ball Tornadus
weather-ball Thundurus
weather-ball Thundurus
weather-ball Reshiram
weather-ball Zekrom
weather-ball Landorus
weather-ball Landorus
weather-ball Kyurem
weather-ball Kyurem
weather-ball Kyurem
weather-ball Heliolisk
weather-ball Amaura
weather-ball Aurorus
weather-ball Sylveon
weather-ball Goodra
weather-ball Volcanion
weather-ball Primarina
weather-ball Fomantis
weather-ball Lurantis
weather-ball Shiinotic
weather-ball Sobble
weather-ball Drizzile
weather-ball Inteleon
weather-ball Eldegoss
weather-ball Cramorant
weather-ball Frosmoth
weather-ball Eiscue
whirlpool Shellder
whirlpool Cloyster
whirlpool Gyarados
whirlpool Kingdra
whirlpool Wailmer
whirlpool Wailord
whirlpool Frillish
whirlpool Jellicent
whirlpool Dhelmise
whirlpool Squirtle
whirlpool Wartortle
whirlpool Blastoise
whirlpool Nidoqueen
whirlpool Nidoking
whirlpool Psyduck
whirlpool Golduck
whirlpool Poliwag
whirlpool Poliwhirl
whirlpool Poliwrath
whirlpool Tentacool
whirlpool Tentacruel
whirlpool Slowpoke
whirlpool Slowpoke
whirlpool Slowbro
whirlpool Slowbro
whirlpool Shellder
whirlpool Cloyster
whirlpool Krabby
whirlpool Kingler
whirlpool Lickitung
whirlpool Rhydon
whirlpool Kangaskhan
whirlpool Horsea
whirlpool Seadra
whirlpool Goldeen
whirlpool Seaking
whirlpool Staryu
whirlpool Starmie
whirlpool Tauros
whirlpool Gyarados
whirlpool Lapras
whirlpool Vaporeon
whirlpool Omanyte
whirlpool Omastar
whirlpool Kabuto
whirlpool Kabutops
whirlpool Snorlax
whirlpool Dratini
whirlpool Dragonair
whirlpool Dragonite
whirlpool Mew
whirlpool Chinchou
whirlpool Lanturn
whirlpool Marill
whirlpool Azumarill
whirlpool Politoed
whirlpool Wooper
whirlpool Quagsire
whirlpool Slowking
whirlpool Slowking
whirlpool Qwilfish
whirlpool Sneasel
whirlpool Corsola
whirlpool Corsola
whirlpool Remoraid
whirlpool Octillery
whirlpool Mantine
whirlpool Kingdra
whirlpool Miltank
whirlpool Suicune
whirlpool Tyranitar
whirlpool Lugia
whirlpool Mudkip
whirlpool Marshtomp
whirlpool Swampert
whirlpool Zigzagoon
whirlpool Zigzagoon
whirlpool Linoone
whirlpool Linoone
whirlpool Lotad
whirlpool Lombre
whirlpool Ludicolo
whirlpool Pelipper
whirlpool Exploud
whirlpool Azurill
whirlpool Aggron
whirlpool Carvanha
whirlpool Sharpedo
whirlpool Wailmer
whirlpool Wailord
whirlpool Barboach
whirlpool Whiscash
whirlpool Corphish
whirlpool Crawdaunt
whirlpool Feebas
whirlpool Milotic
whirlpool Spheal
whirlpool Sealeo
whirlpool Walrein
whirlpool Relicanth
whirlpool Latias
whirlpool Latios
whirlpool Kyogre
whirlpool Rayquaza
whirlpool Shellos
whirlpool Gastrodon
whirlpool Garchomp
whirlpool Munchlax
whirlpool Mantyke
whirlpool Weavile
whirlpool Lickilicky
whirlpool Rhyperior
whirlpool Palkia
whirlpool Basculin
whirlpool Tirtouga
whirlpool Carracosta
whirlpool Frillish
whirlpool Jellicent
whirlpool Barbaracle
whirlpool Popplio
whirlpool Brionne
whirlpool Primarina
whirlpool Wishiwashi
whirlpool Dhelmise
whirlpool Tapu Fini
whirlpool Sobble
whirlpool Drizzile
whirlpool Inteleon
whirlpool Chewtle
whirlpool Drednaw
whirlpool Cramorant
whirlpool Arrokuda
whirlpool Barraskewda
whirlpool Grapploct
whirlpool Obstagoon
whirlpool Cursola
whirlpool Eiscue
whirlpool Dracovish
whirlpool Arctovish
whirlpool Urshifu
whirlwind Butterfree
whirlwind Lugia
whirlwind Ho-oh
whirlwind Shiftry
whirlwind Sigilyph
whirlwind Rufflet
whirlwind Braviary
whirlwind Vullaby
whirlwind Mandibuzz
whirlwind Volcarona
whirlwind Noibat
whirlwind Noivern
whirlwind Tapu Bulu
whirlwind Zubat
whirlwind Aerodactyl
whirlwind Hoothoot
whirlwind Noctowl
whirlwind Skarmory
whirlwind Whismur
whirlwind Loudred
whirlwind Exploud
whirlwind Hippopotas
whirlwind Hippowdon
whirlwind Skorupi
whirlwind Drapion
whirlwind Cufant
whirlwind Copperajah
wicked-blow Urshifu
wide-guard Machamp
wide-guard Kingler
wide-guard Hitmonlee
wide-guard Mr. Mime
wide-guard Mantine
wide-guard Hitmontop
wide-guard Mantyke
wide-guard Gallade
wide-guard Regigigas
wide-guard Throh
wide-guard Tirtouga
wide-guard Carracosta
wide-guard Mienshao
wide-guard Avalugg
wide-guard Mareanie
wide-guard Toxapex
wide-guard Araquanid
wide-guard Solgaleo
wide-guard Lunala
wide-guard Celesteela
wide-guard Guzzlord
wide-guard Stakataka
wide-guard Frosmoth
wide-guard Stonjourner
wide-guard Zamazenta
wide-guard Onix
wide-guard Aerodactyl
wide-guard Steelix
wide-guard Mudkip
wide-guard Wingull
wide-guard Pelipper
wide-guard Roggenrola
wide-guard Boldore
wide-guard Gigalith
wide-guard Timburr
wide-guard Gurdurr
wide-guard Conkeldurr
wide-guard Dwebble
wide-guard Crustle
wide-guard Honedge
wide-guard Doublade
wide-guard Aegislash
wide-guard Wimpod
wide-guard Golisopod
wide-guard Turtonator
wild-charge Electrike
wild-charge Manectric
wild-charge Shinx
wild-charge Luxio
wild-charge Luxray
wild-charge Togedemaru
wild-charge Tapu Koko
wild-charge Solgaleo
wild-charge Zeraora
wild-charge Yamper
wild-charge Boltund
wild-charge Pikachu
wild-charge Raichu
wild-charge Raichu
wild-charge Jigglypuff
wild-charge Wigglytuff
wild-charge Growlithe
wild-charge Arcanine
wild-charge Ponyta
wild-charge Ponyta
wild-charge Rapidash
wild-charge Rapidash
wild-charge Magnemite
wild-charge Magneton
wild-charge Chansey
wild-charge Electabuzz
wild-charge Tauros
wild-charge Jolteon
wild-charge Snorlax
wild-charge Zapdos
wild-charge Mew
wild-charge Chinchou
wild-charge Lanturn
wild-charge Pichu
wild-charge Igglybuff
wild-charge Dunsparce
wild-charge Elekid
wild-charge Blissey
wild-charge Raikou
wild-charge Electrike
wild-charge Manectric
wild-charge Shinx
wild-charge Luxio
wild-charge Luxray
wild-charge Magnezone
wild-charge Electivire
wild-charge Victini
wild-charge Lillipup
wild-charge Herdier
wild-charge Stoutland
wild-charge Audino
wild-charge Emolga
wild-charge Joltik
wild-charge Galvantula
wild-charge Klink
wild-charge Klang
wild-charge Klinklang
wild-charge Bouffalant
wild-charge Larvesta
wild-charge Volcarona
wild-charge Thundurus
wild-charge Thundurus
wild-charge Zekrom
wild-charge Bunnelby
wild-charge Diggersby
wild-charge Helioptile
wild-charge Heliolisk
wild-charge Dedenne
wild-charge Noibat
wild-charge Noivern
wild-charge Grubbin
wild-charge Charjabug
wild-charge Vikavolt
wild-charge Togedemaru
wild-charge Tapu Koko
wild-charge Solgaleo
wild-charge Xurkitree
wild-charge Zeraora
wild-charge Greedent
wild-charge Wooloo
wild-charge Dubwool
wild-charge Yamper
wild-charge Boltund
wild-charge Toxtricity
wild-charge Toxtricity
wild-charge Morpeko
wild-charge Dracozolt
wild-charge Arctozolt
wild-charge Zacian
wild-charge Zamazenta
wild-charge Regieleki
wildbolt-storm Thundurus
wildbolt-storm Thundurus
will-o-wisp Vulpix
will-o-wisp Ninetales
will-o-wisp Marowak
will-o-wisp Duskull
will-o-wisp Dusclops
will-o-wisp Dusknoir
will-o-wisp Froslass
will-o-wisp Yamask
will-o-wisp Cofagrigus
will-o-wisp Litwick
will-o-wisp Lampent
will-o-wisp Chandelure
will-o-wisp Phantump
will-o-wisp Trevenant
will-o-wisp Blacephalon
will-o-wisp Charmander
will-o-wisp Charmeleon
will-o-wisp Charizard
will-o-wisp Vulpix
will-o-wisp Ninetales
will-o-wisp Growlithe
will-o-wisp Arcanine
will-o-wisp Ponyta
will-o-wisp Rapidash
will-o-wisp Gastly
will-o-wisp Haunter
will-o-wisp Gengar
will-o-wisp Marowak
will-o-wisp Koffing
will-o-wisp Weezing
will-o-wisp Weezing
will-o-wisp Magmar
will-o-wisp Flareon
will-o-wisp Moltres
will-o-wisp Mewtwo
will-o-wisp Mew
will-o-wisp Corsola
will-o-wisp Magby
will-o-wisp Entei
will-o-wisp Ho-oh
will-o-wisp Torchic
will-o-wisp Combusken
will-o-wisp Blaziken
will-o-wisp Ralts
will-o-wisp Kirlia
will-o-wisp Gardevoir
will-o-wisp Shedinja
will-o-wisp Sableye
will-o-wisp Torkoal
will-o-wisp Solrock
will-o-wisp Duskull
will-o-wisp Dusclops
will-o-wisp Absol
will-o-wisp Drifloon
will-o-wisp Drifblim
will-o-wisp Spiritomb
will-o-wisp Magmortar
will-o-wisp Gallade
will-o-wisp Dusknoir
will-o-wisp Froslass
will-o-wisp Rotom
will-o-wisp Rotom
will-o-wisp Rotom
will-o-wisp Rotom
will-o-wisp Rotom
will-o-wisp Rotom
will-o-wisp Heatran
will-o-wisp Giratina
will-o-wisp Giratina
will-o-wisp Victini
will-o-wisp Darumaka
will-o-wisp Darumaka
will-o-wisp Darmanitan
will-o-wisp Darmanitan
will-o-wisp Yamask
will-o-wisp Yamask
will-o-wisp Cofagrigus
will-o-wisp Frillish
will-o-wisp Jellicent
will-o-wisp Litwick
will-o-wisp Lampent
will-o-wisp Chandelure
will-o-wisp Heatmor
will-o-wisp Larvesta
will-o-wisp Volcarona
will-o-wisp Reshiram
will-o-wisp Fletchling
will-o-wisp Fletchinder
will-o-wisp Talonflame
will-o-wisp Phantump
will-o-wisp Trevenant
will-o-wisp Pumpkaboo
will-o-wisp Gourgeist
will-o-wisp Volcanion
will-o-wisp Litten
will-o-wisp Torracat
will-o-wisp Incineroar
will-o-wisp Salandit
will-o-wisp Salazzle
will-o-wisp Turtonator
will-o-wisp Mimikyu
will-o-wisp Lunala
will-o-wisp Marshadow
will-o-wisp Blacephalon
will-o-wisp Rolycoly
will-o-wisp Carkol
will-o-wisp Coalossal
will-o-wisp Centiskorch
will-o-wisp Sinistea
will-o-wisp Polteageist
will-o-wisp Cursola
will-o-wisp Runerigus
will-o-wisp Drakloak
will-o-wisp Dragapult
will-o-wisp Spectrier
will-o-wisp Calyrex
wing-attack Scyther
wing-attack Aerodactyl
wing-attack Moltres
wing-attack Moltres
wing-attack Dragonite
wing-attack Scizor
wing-attack Mantine
wing-attack Skarmory
wing-attack Wingull
wing-attack Pelipper
wing-attack Mantyke
wing-attack Archen
wing-attack Archeops
wing-attack Rufflet
wing-attack Braviary
wing-attack Hawlucha
wing-attack Noibat
wing-attack Noivern
wing-attack Flapple
wing-attack Charmander
wing-attack Charmeleon
wing-attack Charizard
wing-attack Zubat
wing-attack Hoothoot
wing-attack Noctowl
wish Togepi
wish Togetic
wish Natu
wish Xatu
wish Gardevoir
wish Latias
wish Jirachi
wish Togekiss
wish Swirlix
wish Slurpuff
wish Pikachu
wish Raichu
wish Raichu
wish Clefairy
wish Clefable
wish Jigglypuff
wish Wigglytuff
wish Eevee
wish Vaporeon
wish Jolteon
wish Flareon
wish Pichu
wish Cleffa
wish Igglybuff
wish Espeon
wish Umbreon
wish Smoochum
wish Leafeon
wish Glaceon
wish Pidove
wish Tranquill
wish Unfezant
wish Audino
wish Spritzee
wish Aromatisse
wish Sylveon
wish Togedemaru
withdraw Squirtle
withdraw Wartortle
withdraw Blastoise
withdraw Slowbro
withdraw Slowbro
withdraw Shellder
withdraw Cloyster
withdraw Omanyte
withdraw Omastar
withdraw Shuckle
withdraw Torkoal
withdraw Dwebble
withdraw Crustle
withdraw Tirtouga
withdraw Carracosta
withdraw Binacle
withdraw Barbaracle
withdraw Tapu Koko
withdraw Tapu Lele
withdraw Tapu Bulu
withdraw Tapu Fini
withdraw Applin
withdraw Flapple
withdraw Appletun
withdraw Sinistea
withdraw Polteageist
wonder-room Psyduck
wonder-room Golduck
wonder-room Solrock
wonder-room Munna
wonder-room Musharna
wonder-room Solosis
wonder-room Duosion
wonder-room Reuniclus
wonder-room Elgyem
wonder-room Beheeyem
wonder-room Nihilego
wonder-room Clefairy
wonder-room Clefable
wonder-room Ninetales
wonder-room Psyduck
wonder-room Golduck
wonder-room Abra
wonder-room Kadabra
wonder-room Alakazam
wonder-room Rapidash
wonder-room Slowpoke
wonder-room Slowpoke
wonder-room Slowbro
wonder-room Slowbro
wonder-room Gastly
wonder-room Haunter
wonder-room Gengar
wonder-room Weezing
wonder-room Starmie
wonder-room Mr. Mime
wonder-room Mr. Mime
wonder-room Jynx
wonder-room Porygon
wonder-room Mewtwo
wonder-room Mew
wonder-room Cleffa
wonder-room Umbreon
wonder-room Slowking
wonder-room Slowking
wonder-room Porygon2
wonder-room Smoochum
wonder-room Lugia
wonder-room Celebi
wonder-room Ralts
wonder-room Kirlia
wonder-room Gardevoir
wonder-room Sableye
wonder-room Altaria
wonder-room Solrock
wonder-room Baltoy
wonder-room Claydol
wonder-room Duskull
wonder-room Dusclops
wonder-room Latios
wonder-room Bronzor
wonder-room Bronzong
wonder-room Mime Jr.
wonder-room Spiritomb
wonder-room Porygon-Z
wonder-room Gallade
wonder-room Dusknoir
wonder-room Uxie
wonder-room Mesprit
wonder-room Azelf
wonder-room Munna
wonder-room Musharna
wonder-room Yamask
wonder-room Yamask
wonder-room Cofagrigus
wonder-room Solosis
wonder-room Duosion
wonder-room Reuniclus
wonder-room Elgyem
wonder-room Beheeyem
wonder-room Espurr
wonder-room Meowstic
wonder-room Meowstic
wonder-room Carbink
wonder-room Xerneas
wonder-room Diancie
wonder-room Popplio
wonder-room Brionne
wonder-room Primarina
wonder-room Cutiefly
wonder-room Ribombee
wonder-room Dewpider
wonder-room Araquanid
wonder-room Morelull
wonder-room Shiinotic
wonder-room Oranguru
wonder-room Tapu Lele
wonder-room Tapu Fini
wonder-room Lunala
wonder-room Nihilego
wonder-room Stakataka
wonder-room Dottler
wonder-room Orbeetle
wonder-room Sinistea
wonder-room Polteageist
wonder-room Hatterene
wonder-room Grimmsnarl
wonder-room Mr. Rime
wonder-room Runerigus
wonder-room Alcremie
wonder-room Stonjourner
wonder-room Indeedee
wonder-room Calyrex
wonder-room Calyrex
wonder-room Calyrex
wood-hammer Exeggutor
wood-hammer Exeggutor
wood-hammer Sudowoodo
wood-hammer Snover
wood-hammer Abomasnow
wood-hammer Phantump
wood-hammer Trevenant
wood-hammer Mimikyu
wood-hammer Tapu Bulu
wood-hammer Grookey
wood-hammer Thwackey
wood-hammer Rillaboom
wood-hammer Maractus
work-up Tauros
work-up Riolu
work-up Lucario
work-up Victini
work-up Lillipup
work-up Herdier
work-up Stoutland
work-up Darumaka
work-up Darumaka
work-up Darmanitan
work-up Darmanitan
work-up Deino
work-up Zweilous
work-up Hydreigon
work-up Cobalion
work-up Terrakion
work-up Virizion
work-up Keldeo
work-up Pancham
work-up Pangoro
work-up Jangmo-o
work-up Hakamo-o
work-up Kommo-o
work-up Bulbasaur
work-up Ivysaur
work-up Venusaur
work-up Charmander
work-up Charmeleon
work-up Charizard
work-up Squirtle
work-up Wartortle
work-up Blastoise
work-up Sandshrew
work-up Sandshrew
work-up Sandslash
work-up Sandslash
work-up Clefairy
work-up Clefable
work-up Jigglypuff
work-up Wigglytuff
work-up Diglett
work-up Diglett
work-up Dugtrio
work-up Dugtrio
work-up Meowth
work-up Meowth
work-up Meowth
work-up Persian
work-up Persian
work-up Poliwrath
work-up Machop
work-up Machoke
work-up Machamp
work-up Farfetch'd
work-up Farfetch'd
work-up Hitmonlee
work-up Hitmonchan
work-up Lickitung
work-up Chansey
work-up Kangaskhan
work-up Tauros
work-up Eevee
work-up Vaporeon
work-up Jolteon
work-up Flareon
work-up Snorlax
work-up Mew
work-up Hoothoot
work-up Noctowl
work-up Cleffa
work-up Igglybuff
work-up Togepi
work-up Togetic
work-up Marill
work-up Azumarill
work-up Espeon
work-up Umbreon
work-up Heracross
work-up Tyrogue
work-up Hitmontop
work-up Miltank
work-up Blissey
work-up Treecko
work-up Grovyle
work-up Sceptile
work-up Torchic
work-up Combusken
work-up Blaziken
work-up Mudkip
work-up Marshtomp
work-up Swampert
work-up Zigzagoon
work-up Zigzagoon
work-up Linoone
work-up Linoone
work-up Whismur
work-up Loudred
work-up Exploud
work-up Azurill
work-up Buneary
work-up Lopunny
work-up Happiny
work-up Munchlax
work-up Riolu
work-up Lucario
work-up Croagunk
work-up Toxicroak
work-up Lickilicky
work-up Togekiss
work-up Leafeon
work-up Glaceon
work-up Gallade
work-up Victini
work-up Lillipup
work-up Herdier
work-up Stoutland
work-up Pidove
work-up Tranquill
work-up Unfezant
work-up Audino
work-up Timburr
work-up Gurdurr
work-up Conkeldurr
work-up Throh
work-up Sawk
work-up Darumaka
work-up Darumaka
work-up Darmanitan
work-up Darmanitan
work-up Scraggy
work-up Scrafty
work-up Minccino
work-up Cinccino
work-up Mienfoo
work-up Mienshao
work-up Bouffalant
work-up Rufflet
work-up Braviary
work-up Deino
work-up Zweilous
work-up Hydreigon
work-up Cobalion
work-up Terrakion
work-up Virizion
work-up Keldeo
work-up Bunnelby
work-up Diggersby
work-up Fletchling
work-up Fletchinder
work-up Talonflame
work-up Pancham
work-up Pangoro
work-up Espurr
work-up Meowstic
work-up Meowstic
work-up Sylveon
work-up Hawlucha
work-up Rowlet
work-up Dartrix
work-up Decidueye
work-up Litten
work-up Torracat
work-up Incineroar
work-up Popplio
work-up Brionne
work-up Primarina
work-up Lycanroc
work-up Stufful
work-up Bewear
work-up Oranguru
work-up Passimian
work-up Type: Null
work-up Silvally
work-up Turtonator
work-up Togedemaru
work-up Mimikyu
work-up Drampa
work-up Jangmo-o
work-up Hakamo-o
work-up Kommo-o
work-up Tapu Koko
work-up Tapu Bulu
work-up Solgaleo
work-up Lunala
work-up Buzzwole
work-up Marshadow
work-up Zeraora
work-up Grookey
work-up Thwackey
work-up Rillaboom
work-up Scorbunny
work-up Raboot
work-up Cinderace
work-up Sobble
work-up Drizzile
work-up Inteleon
work-up Rookidee
work-up Corvisquire
work-up Corviknight
work-up Clobbopus
work-up Grapploct
work-up Obstagoon
work-up Perrserker
work-up Sirfetch'd
work-up Cufant
work-up Copperajah
work-up Zacian
work-up Zamazenta
work-up Kubfu
work-up Urshifu
work-up Urshifu
worry-seed Bulbasaur
worry-seed Ivysaur
worry-seed Venusaur
worry-seed Exeggcute
worry-seed Exeggutor
worry-seed Exeggutor
worry-seed Roselia
worry-seed Budew
worry-seed Roserade
worry-seed Cherubi
worry-seed Cherrim
worry-seed Pumpkaboo
worry-seed Gourgeist
worry-seed Treecko
worry-seed Seedot
worry-seed Nuzleaf
worry-seed Shiftry
worry-seed Cottonee
worry-seed Whimsicott
worry-seed Petilil
worry-seed Lilligant
worry-seed Maractus
worry-seed Foongus
worry-seed Amoonguss
worry-seed Fomantis
worry-seed Lurantis
worry-seed Comfey
worry-seed Grookey
worry-seed Thwackey
worry-seed Rillaboom
worry-seed Gossifleur
worry-seed Eldegoss
wrap Tentacool
wrap Tentacruel
wrap Lickitung
wrap Dratini
wrap Dragonair
wrap Dragonite
wrap Shuckle
wrap Octillery
wrap Lileep
wrap Cradily
wrap Milotic
wrap Lickilicky
wrap Inkay
wrap Malamar
wrap Comfey
wrap Dhelmise
wrap Nihilego
wrap Xurkitree
wrap Silicobra
wrap Sandaconda
wrap Sizzlipede
wrap Centiskorch
wring-out Bellsprout
wring-out Weepinbell
wring-out Tentacool
wring-out Tentacruel
wring-out Tentacruel
wring-out Lickitung
wring-out Tangela
wring-out Jynx
wring-out Kabuto
wring-out Kabutops
wring-out Octillery
wring-out Gulpin
wring-out Swalot
wring-out Swalot
wring-out Seviper
wring-out Lileep
wring-out Cradily
wring-out Cradily
wring-out Carnivine
wring-out Lickilicky
wring-out Lickilicky
wring-out Tangrowth
wring-out Snivy
wring-out Servine
wring-out Serperior
wring-out Frillish
wring-out Jellicent
wring-out Jellicent
wring-out Guzzlord
wring-out Necrozma
wring-out Omanyte
wring-out Omastar
wring-out Chikorita
wring-out Bayleef
wring-out Meganium
wring-out Seviper
wring-out Lileep
wring-out Cradily
x-scissor Scyther
x-scissor Pinsir
x-scissor Scizor
x-scissor Grovyle
x-scissor Sceptile
x-scissor Ninjask
x-scissor Anorith
x-scissor Armaldo
x-scissor Skorupi
x-scissor Drapion
x-scissor Dwebble
x-scissor Crustle
x-scissor Karrablast
x-scissor Escavalier
x-scissor Durant
x-scissor Genesect
x-scissor Grubbin
x-scissor Charjabug
x-scissor Vikavolt
x-scissor Fomantis
x-scissor Lurantis
x-scissor Type: Null
x-scissor Silvally
x-scissor Sandshrew
x-scissor Sandshrew
x-scissor Sandslash
x-scissor Sandslash
x-scissor Krabby
x-scissor Kingler
x-scissor Scyther
x-scissor Pinsir
x-scissor Kabutops
x-scissor Mew
x-scissor Crobat
x-scissor Scizor
x-scissor Sneasel
x-scissor Skarmory
x-scissor Grovyle
x-scissor Sceptile
x-scissor Shiftry
x-scissor Nincada
x-scissor Ninjask
x-scissor Shedinja
x-scissor Corphish
x-scissor Crawdaunt
x-scissor Anorith
x-scissor Armaldo
x-scissor Absol
x-scissor Vespiquen
x-scissor Skorupi
x-scissor Drapion
x-scissor Croagunk
x-scissor Toxicroak
x-scissor Weavile
x-scissor Leafeon
x-scissor Gallade
x-scissor Drilbur
x-scissor Excadrill
x-scissor Scolipede
x-scissor Dwebble
x-scissor Crustle
x-scissor Karrablast
x-scissor Escavalier
x-scissor Joltik
x-scissor Galvantula
x-scissor Axew
x-scissor Fraxure
x-scissor Haxorus
x-scissor Pawniard
x-scissor Bisharp
x-scissor Durant
x-scissor Cobalion
x-scissor Terrakion
x-scissor Virizion
x-scissor Keldeo
x-scissor Genesect
x-scissor Pangoro
x-scissor Binacle
x-scissor Barbaracle
x-scissor Hawlucha
x-scissor Trevenant
x-scissor Noibat
x-scissor Noivern
x-scissor Grubbin
x-scissor Charjabug
x-scissor Vikavolt
x-scissor Dewpider
x-scissor Araquanid
x-scissor Fomantis
x-scissor Lurantis
x-scissor Golisopod
x-scissor Type: Null
x-scissor Silvally
x-scissor Mimikyu
x-scissor Jangmo-o
x-scissor Hakamo-o
x-scissor Kommo-o
x-scissor Kartana
x-scissor Necrozma
x-scissor Naganadel
x-scissor Centiskorch
x-scissor Obstagoon
yawn Slowpoke
yawn Slowpoke
yawn Slowbro
yawn Slowbro
yawn Snorlax
yawn Togepi
yawn Togetic
yawn Wooper
yawn Quagsire
yawn Slowking
yawn Slowking
yawn Dunsparce
yawn Kingdra
yawn Relicanth
yawn Hippopotas
yawn Hippowdon
yawn Togekiss
yawn Uxie
yawn Munna
yawn Musharna
yawn Shelmet
yawn Accelgor
yawn Squirtle
yawn Wartortle
yawn Blastoise
yawn Psyduck
yawn Golduck
yawn Eevee
yawn Vaporeon
yawn Jolteon
yawn Flareon
yawn Espeon
yawn Umbreon
yawn Mudkip
yawn Torkoal
yawn Spheal
yawn Shellos
yawn Gastrodon
yawn Leafeon
yawn Glaceon
yawn Lillipup
yawn Herdier
yawn Stoutland
yawn Purrloin
yawn Liepard
yawn Audino
yawn Darumaka
yawn Darumaka
yawn Darmanitan
yawn Darmanitan
yawn Cubchoo
yawn Beartic
yawn Stunfisk
yawn Stunfisk
yawn Espurr
yawn Meowstic
yawn Swirlix
yawn Slurpuff
yawn Sylveon
yawn Oranguru
zap-cannon Magnemite
zap-cannon Magneton
zap-cannon Porygon
zap-cannon Zapdos
zap-cannon Porygon2
zap-cannon Raikou
zap-cannon Regirock
zap-cannon Regice
zap-cannon Registeel
zap-cannon Magnezone
zap-cannon Porygon-Z
zap-cannon Klink
zap-cannon Klang
zap-cannon Klinklang
zap-cannon Genesect
zap-cannon Vikavolt
zap-cannon Xurkitree
zap-cannon Magearna
zap-cannon Regieleki
zen-headbutt Psyduck
zen-headbutt Golduck
zen-headbutt Slowpoke
zen-headbutt Slowpoke
zen-headbutt Slowbro
zen-headbutt Slowbro
zen-headbutt Tauros
zen-headbutt Slowking
zen-headbutt Slowking
zen-headbutt Miltank
zen-headbutt Lotad
zen-headbutt Lombre
zen-headbutt Ludicolo
zen-headbutt Sableye
zen-headbutt Solrock
zen-headbutt Whiscash
zen-headbutt Bagon
zen-headbutt Shelgon
zen-headbutt Salamence
zen-headbutt Metang
zen-headbutt Metagross
zen-headbutt Latias
zen-headbutt Latios
zen-headbutt Jirachi
zen-headbutt Regigigas
zen-headbutt Victini
zen-headbutt Munna
zen-headbutt Musharna
zen-headbutt Audino
zen-headbutt Elgyem
zen-headbutt Beheeyem
zen-headbutt Zekrom
zen-headbutt Oranguru
zen-headbutt Tapu Bulu
zen-headbutt Solgaleo
zen-headbutt Squirtle
zen-headbutt Wartortle
zen-headbutt Blastoise
zen-headbutt Clefairy
zen-headbutt Clefable
zen-headbutt Vulpix
zen-headbutt Vulpix
zen-headbutt Ninetales
zen-headbutt Ninetales
zen-headbutt Zubat
zen-headbutt Golbat
zen-headbutt Psyduck
zen-headbutt Golduck
zen-headbutt Abra
zen-headbutt Kadabra
zen-headbutt Alakazam
zen-headbutt Ponyta
zen-headbutt Rapidash
zen-headbutt Slowpoke
zen-headbutt Slowpoke
zen-headbutt Slowbro
zen-headbutt Slowbro
zen-headbutt Exeggutor
zen-headbutt Exeggutor
zen-headbutt Lickitung
zen-headbutt Chansey
zen-headbutt Mr. Mime
zen-headbutt Mr. Mime
zen-headbutt Jynx
zen-headbutt Tauros
zen-headbutt Lapras
zen-headbutt Porygon
zen-headbutt Snorlax
zen-headbutt Mewtwo
zen-headbutt Mew
zen-headbutt Hoothoot
zen-headbutt Noctowl
zen-headbutt Crobat
zen-headbutt Cleffa
zen-headbutt Togepi
zen-headbutt Togetic
zen-headbutt Natu
zen-headbutt Xatu
zen-headbutt Espeon
zen-headbutt Slowking
zen-headbutt Slowking
zen-headbutt Dunsparce
zen-headbutt Porygon2
zen-headbutt Smoochum
zen-headbutt Miltank
zen-headbutt Blissey
zen-headbutt Lugia
zen-headbutt Ho-oh
zen-headbutt Celebi
zen-headbutt Lotad
zen-headbutt Lombre
zen-headbutt Ludicolo
zen-headbutt Ralts
zen-headbutt Kirlia
zen-headbutt Gardevoir
zen-headbutt Whismur
zen-headbutt Loudred
zen-headbutt Exploud
zen-headbutt Sableye
zen-headbutt Carvanha
zen-headbutt Sharpedo
zen-headbutt Wailmer
zen-headbutt Wailord
zen-headbutt Lunatone
zen-headbutt Solrock
zen-headbutt Whiscash
zen-headbutt Baltoy
zen-headbutt Claydol
zen-headbutt Absol
zen-headbutt Relicanth
zen-headbutt Bagon
zen-headbutt Shelgon
zen-headbutt Salamence
zen-headbutt Beldum
zen-headbutt Metang
zen-headbutt Metagross
zen-headbutt Latias
zen-headbutt Latios
zen-headbutt Jirachi
zen-headbutt Bronzong
zen-headbutt Happiny
zen-headbutt Munchlax
zen-headbutt Riolu
zen-headbutt Lucario
zen-headbutt Lickilicky
zen-headbutt Togekiss
zen-headbutt Porygon-Z
zen-headbutt Gallade
zen-headbutt Uxie
zen-headbutt Mesprit
zen-headbutt Azelf
zen-headbutt Regigigas
zen-headbutt Cresselia
zen-headbutt Victini
zen-headbutt Munna
zen-headbutt Musharna
zen-headbutt Woobat
zen-headbutt Swoobat
zen-headbutt Audino
zen-headbutt Throh
zen-headbutt Sawk
zen-headbutt Basculin
zen-headbutt Darumaka
zen-headbutt Darumaka
zen-headbutt Darmanitan
zen-headbutt Darmanitan
zen-headbutt Scraggy
zen-headbutt Scrafty
zen-headbutt Sigilyph
zen-headbutt Yamask
zen-headbutt Yamask
zen-headbutt Cofagrigus
zen-headbutt Tirtouga
zen-headbutt Carracosta
zen-headbutt Archen
zen-headbutt Archeops
zen-headbutt Gothita
zen-headbutt Gothorita
zen-headbutt Gothitelle
zen-headbutt Solosis
zen-headbutt Duosion
zen-headbutt Reuniclus
zen-headbutt Elgyem
zen-headbutt Beheeyem
zen-headbutt Golurk
zen-headbutt Bouffalant
zen-headbutt Rufflet
zen-headbutt Braviary
zen-headbutt Deino
zen-headbutt Zweilous
zen-headbutt Hydreigon
zen-headbutt Larvesta
zen-headbutt Volcarona
zen-headbutt Cobalion
zen-headbutt Terrakion
zen-headbutt Virizion
zen-headbutt Reshiram
zen-headbutt Zekrom
zen-headbutt Kyurem
zen-headbutt Kyurem
zen-headbutt Kyurem
zen-headbutt Genesect
zen-headbutt Pancham
zen-headbutt Pangoro
zen-headbutt Espurr
zen-headbutt Meowstic
zen-headbutt Meowstic
zen-headbutt Tyrunt
zen-headbutt Tyrantrum
zen-headbutt Amaura
zen-headbutt Aurorus
zen-headbutt Hawlucha
zen-headbutt Xerneas
zen-headbutt Yveltal
zen-headbutt Zygarde
zen-headbutt Rockruff
zen-headbutt Lycanroc
zen-headbutt Lycanroc
zen-headbutt Lycanroc
zen-headbutt Stufful
zen-headbutt Bewear
zen-headbutt Bounsweet
zen-headbutt Steenee
zen-headbutt Tsareena
zen-headbutt Oranguru
zen-headbutt Silvally
zen-headbutt Togedemaru
zen-headbutt Tapu Bulu
zen-headbutt Solgaleo
zen-headbutt Nihilego
zen-headbutt Celesteela
zen-headbutt Magearna
zen-headbutt Marshadow
zen-headbutt Stakataka
zen-headbutt Blacephalon
zen-headbutt Cinderace
zen-headbutt Dottler
zen-headbutt Orbeetle
zen-headbutt Dubwool
zen-headbutt Sandaconda
zen-headbutt Mr. Rime
zen-headbutt Runerigus
zen-headbutt Falinks
zen-headbutt Eiscue
zen-headbutt Indeedee
zen-headbutt Indeedee
zen-headbutt Cufant
zen-headbutt Copperajah
zen-headbutt Dracovish
zen-headbutt Arctovish
zen-headbutt Kubfu
zen-headbutt Urshifu
zen-headbutt Urshifu
zen-headbutt Calyrex
zen-headbutt Calyrex
zen-headbutt Calyrex
zing-zap Togedemaru
zing-zap Pincurchin
zippy-zap Pikachu
